your reservation is under what name ?
it is spencer .
that is right , yes .
sorry . could you tell me if breaksfast is included in the price of the room ?
yes , sir . one moment    yes , breakfast is included for two adults . the children eat for free .
great . and what time is breakfast served ?
the dining room is open from seven o'clock until ten o'clock on weekdays and until eleven at the weekend .
great . and where is the dining room ?
it is on the first floor .
i had like to reserve a hotel room .
that should be no problem . may i have your full name , please ?
my name is john sandals .
hello , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days do you need that reservation , sir ?
i am planning to visit new york from friday , april 14 until monday , april 17 .
our room rates recently went up . is that okay with you , mr . sandals ?
how much per night are we talking about ?
each night will be $308 .
that price is perfectly acceptable .
wonderful ! do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
nonsmoking , please .
next question
is a queen size bed okay ?
that sounds fine .
okay , mr . sandals . your reservation is in our computer . all we need now is a phone number .
certainly . my phone number is 626 555 1739 .
thank you , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you in new york !
hi there , i want to reserve a hotel room .
no problem at all . could i have your full name , please ?
sure , john sandals .
hi , mr . sandals . i am michelle , at your service . when do you need the room ?
my plans are to be there april 14th to the 17th .
we have new room rates , sir . will that be acceptable to you ?
it depends on the price , of course . what is it ?
it is $308 a night .
i have no problem with that .
great ! would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
definitely nonsmoking . i can not handle that smell .
nonsmoking . now , is a queen size bed okay ?
no problem .
great , mr . sandals . your reservation is confirmed . now all i need is your phone number .
of course ! it is area code 626 555 1739 .
thank you so much , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you !
i need to reserve a room .
not a problem . may i have your name , please ?
of course . i am john sandals .
hi , sir . my name is michelle . could you tell me when you need the room ?
right now . i plan to be there in april from the 14th to the 17th .
perhaps you did not know that we have new room rates . do you find that acceptable , sir ?
maybe . how much is a room ?
the price per night is $308 .
that sounds fine to me .
fantastic ! would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
i hate cigarettes ! nonsmoking .
that will be nonsmoking . now , do you approve of a single queen size bed ?
that will be no problem .
i am happy to hear that , sir . your reservation is all set except for your phone number .
sure ! my number is 626 555 1739 .
626 555 1739 . thank you for doing business with us , mr . sandals .
i need a hotel room .
that is no problem at all . may i have your name , please ?
certainly . my name is john sandals .
it is a pleasure , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days will you need a room ?
friday afternoon , april 14 through monday morning , april 17 .
one minor problem , sir . our prices are now slightly higher . is that acceptable , sir ?
please tell me the price , so i can make a decision .
it will be $308 nightly .
that is a reasonable price .
good ! now , sir , do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking ?
i quit smoking , so nonsmoking .
i hear you , sir . nonsmoking . now , about the bed , is a queen size okay ?
a queen sounds great .
okay , sir , let me reserve those dates , there . now , if you will just tell me your phone number .
that would be 626 555 1739 .
that is 626 555 1739 . thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir !
i need a room for a few days .
that will not be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?
john sandals . that is s a n d a l s .
sir , i am michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you will be here .
i will be there in april
friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .
we recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . do you mind , sir ?
possibly . what is the actual price ?
the price will be $308 a night .
$308 ! that is not bad .
very good . now , mr . sandals , about the room , smoking or nonsmoking ?
nonsmoking , definitely !
most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . now , does a queen sound okay ?
yes , that will be just fine .
one more second , sir . your reservation is now verified , so all i need is your phone number .
it is 626 555 1739 .
let me repeat that
626 555 1739 . okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in april !
can i reserve a hotel room ?
i assure you , that is not a problem . what is your full name , please ?
my name is john sandals .
it is a pleasure to assist you . please tell me when you will be needing the room , sir .
if my plans do not change , i will need a room april 14 till april 17 .
sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . will that be okay ?
tell me how much it will be , and i can tell you if it is okay .
only $308 per night , before taxes , of course .
$308 a night ? that is a fair price .
now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
nonsmoking , please .
nonsmoking . now , sir , does a single queen size bed meet your approval ?
i have absolutely no problem with that .
queen , nonsmoking . okay , sir , your room is reserved . now if you will just give me your phone number .
not a problem . the number is 626 555 1739 .
thank you for making a reservation with us . we look forward to seeing you in april !
i have a reservation . my name is john sandals .
may i see your id , please , mr . sandals ?
certainly . here it is .
thank you . do you have a credit card , mr . sandals ?
yes , i do . do you accept american express ?
sorry , sir , just visa or mastercard .
here is my visa card .
okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ?
yes , it sounds like everything i expected .
here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
i have a reservation under the name of sandals .
could i see your id , please , sir ?
of course ! let me take it out of my wallet .
thank you , sir . now , do you have a credit card , sir ?
yes , of course . is american express okay ?
i am sorry , sir . only visa or mastercard .
in that case , here is my visa .
thank you . your room number is 507 , queen bed , nonsmoking . is that agreeable to you , sir ?
yes , i am easy to please .
very good . here is your room key , sir . if you need anything at all , please dial 0 .
my name is sandals , i have a reservation .
may i see your identification , please , sir ?
here you are .
thanks . do you have a credit card , sir ?
of course . will american express do ?
i am very sorry , sir . we accept only visa or mastercard .
no problem . here is my visa .
thanks . room 507 is a spacious , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . does that meet your expectations ?
yes , that sounds like what i want .
that is wonderful , sir . now , here is your key . should you need anything , just dial 0 .
i am john sandals , and i have a reservation .
would you show me your id , sir , please ?
here you go .
thank you very much . now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
certainly ! would you like my american express card ?
regrettably , mr . sandals , we accept only mastercard or visa .
i thought american express was accepted everywhere . never mind . here is my visa .
thanks . you are in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . is that okay , sir ?
yes , that is just fine .
i am happy to hear that . here is your key . just dial 0 if you need anything .
my name is john sandals , and i have got a reservation .
may i see some identification , sir , please ?
sure . here you are .
thank you so much . have you got a credit card , mr . sandals ?
i sure do . how about american express ?
unfortunately , at the present time we take only mastercard or visa .
no american express ? okay , here is my visa .
thank you , sir . you will be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen size bed . do you approve , sir ?
yes , that will be fine .
that is great . this is your key , sir . if you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero .
i have got a reservation here . my name is john sandals .
mr . sandals , may i see your id , please ?
one second , please , while i dig it out here .
now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
yes , i do . do you accept american express ?
i am sorry , mr . sandals , but we accept only mastercard or visa .
that is okay , i have got plenty of cards . here is my visa .
okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ?
yes , that is just what i wanted .
here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
i need to request a wake up call for tomorrow morning .
what time do you want the call ?
i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
we can certainly do that . expect a call from us at 7 .00 , and then again at 7 .15 .
actually , can i change the latter wake up call to 7 .30 am ?
i can certainly do that . is there anything else ?
i can not think of anything . if i do think of something , i will be sure to call again .
okay . good night , sir .
i need a wake up call tomorrow morning .
of course . when would you like the call ?
actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
no problem . we will give you both calls .
do you know what , let is change the second call to 7 .30 .
no problem . anything else , sir ?
not at the moment , thank you .
let me know if you do need anything .
can you give me a wake up call tomorrow ?
certainly . what time would you like us to call you ?
i need two wake up calls , if you do not mind , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
not a problem . we will call you tomorrow morning at 7 , and again at 7 .15 .
on second thought , you had better make that second call at 7 .30 instead of 7 .15 .
said , and done . will there be anything else ?
no , that gets it for now , thank you .
well , give us a call if there is anything more we can help you with .
tomorrow i am going to need a wake up call .
not a problem . what time shall we call you ?
i always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
it will be our pleasure . we will call you at 7 and then at 7 .15 .
oops , cancel that . change the second call to 7 .30 , will you , please ?
no sooner said than done . can i help you with anything else ?
no , that is about it for now .
okay , sir . have a pleasant evening .
i need a wake up call tomorrow .
what time would you like your wake up call ?
i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
that is no problem at all , of course . you will get a call at 7 .00 , and another at 7 .15 .
then again , i think 7 .15 is too early . change 7 .15 to 7 .30 , please .
so , that will be a call at 7 and another at 7 .30 . do you have any other requests ?
not just now , but if i do think of something later , i will give you a ring .
okay , sir . sleep well .
i have got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake up call .
of course . we can give you a call anytime you like .
actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
your wish is our command . expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 .15 .
wait a minute ! i do not like 7 .15 , now that i think about it . change it to 7 .30 .
the second call is now changed to 7 .30 . is there anything else we can help you with ?
nothing that i can think of right now . if something comes up , though , i will call you .
we are here all night long if you need anything .
the front desk told me to ask you for sightseeing advice .
of course . i had be more than happy to help . i am , after all , the hotel is concierge .
concierge ? what exactly is that ?
we advise you on where to visit , eat , or shop during your stay here in new york .
great ! so where should i start my sightseeing ?
the statue of liberty is always a good place to begin .
i saw the statue of liberty on my last visit here . can you recommend somewhere else ?
hmm . what type of interests do you have ?
in my spare time , i really like to view art and go running .
aha ! have you been to central park or the museum of modern art ?
no , but i have heard a lot about both .
well , central park is wonderful for running . afterwards , you should head to the museum to enjoy the art .
great ! that sounds like a plan . thanks a lot .
i am sure you will have a good time there .
i was told to see you about going sightseeing .
it is my pleasure . i am the hotel is concierge , at your service .
concierge ? could you explain that to me ?
we help direct hotel visitors to popular places to visit , eat , and shop .
very good . so where shall i begin my sightseeing ?
i would suggest the statue of liberty .
gee , i have already seen the statue of liberty . what about another site ?
let me see . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i really like to run . and i like art .
well , there you go ! have you ever visited either central park or the museum of modern art ?
no , but i have been meaning to .
well , central park is fantastic for running . then you can go to the museum to look at the beautiful art .
that sounds like a great plan . i will do that .
enjoy your run and your visit !
i need some sightseeing advice .
that is what i am here for , sir . every good hotel has a concierge like me .
i do not travel a lot . what exactly is a concierge ?
a concierge helps visitors like you find great places to visit , shop , and eat .
that is great ! so tell me , where should i go first ?
i had suggest that you start at the statue of liberty .
you know , i have already been there . can you suggest another place ?
maybe . tell me what you like to do in your spare time .
when i have some free time , i often spend it running or at museums .
well , have you ever been to either central park or the museum of modern art ?
no , but i sure would like to .
central park is great for just about everything outdoors . then you can visit the museum of modern art .
both places sound great . i will try to do that today .
enjoy the views at both places .
i am going sightseeing , but i had like to get your advice first .
i am only too happy to help . tourists should always check with their concierge first .
concierge ? i am not familiar with that word .
a concierge directs visitors to the city is great tourist , shopping , and eating places .
that sounds great . now , is there any place that i should hit first ?
well , if you are like most people , you will want to go to the statue of liberty .
i have already seen it , i loved it , but today i want to go somewhere else .
sure ! tell me about your interests .
i like to run and i like to see the works of the masters .
you will get along fabulously at central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either ?
no , i just have not had the opportunity .
you will love central park for running . later on , you can go to the museum of modern art .
thank you . that is what i will do .
this might be the best day of your visit .
i need some sightseeing advice . i was told to come to see you .
as your concierge , it is my pleasure to help you , sir .
concierge ? are we speaking english here ?
a concierge helps you find all the great places for visiting , shopping , and eating .
what would you suggest that i visit first ?
how about starting at the statue of liberty ? many people like to begin there .
the last time i was here , i visited the statue . so do you have another place in mind ?
i think so . tell me what interests you .
i am big on running , although maybe i like art even more than running .
then you must go to central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either one ?
no . i have not had a chance to go to either of them .
both places are usually crowded with natives and tourists . you will love the park and the museum .
thank you . that is great advice .
this might be the best day of your visit .
can you give me some advice about going sightseeing ?
your concierge , sir , is the right person to ask when you need sightseeing advice .
what in the world is a concierge ?
we direct visitors to all the great tourist , shopping , and eating spots in the city .
then what would you recommend as a starting point for my sightseeing ?
definitely the statue of liberty . i think that that is everyone is favorite first stop .
actually , i have already been there twice . do you have another suggestion ?
i think i can come up with something . how do you spend your spare time ?
i keep my body healthy by running and my mind active by visiting museums .
well , the museum of modern art and central park were made for you ! have you gone to either one ?
no , although i have heard great things about both of them .
you do not want to miss either place . central park and the museum of modern art are big and beautiful .
sounds great ! i will get my running gear and then i am out of here .
this is a day you are going to remember for a long time .
i need a suggestion for a restaurant here in manhattan .
certainly ! how much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir ?
my date is very sophisticated , so i am sure she would expect nothing but the best .
may i suggest our own hotel restaurant ? it got three stars in the latest restaurant review .
no , thank you , i want to go out on the town . what other ideas do you have ?
there is always gramercy tavern . they have live jazz . the food is delicious , but very expensive .
that sounds like a good place to take a date . can you make a reservation for me ?
as you wish , sir . you will have a wonderful time there .
can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ?
of course ! how much would you like to spend on your meal ?
my date is quite sophisticated . she would expect nothing less than the best .
well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? it is conveniently located and has a three star rating .
that is a good idea , except i want to go out , not stay in . something else , maybe ?
well , how about gramercy tavern ? it is a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music .
that sounds good ! could you call them to see if i can get a reservation ?
of course , sir . you have made a good choice .
so , now i need your help again , if you do not mind . i am taking a date to a restaurant .
i had love to help you ! what is your budget for the dinner ?
she strikes me as being very sophisticated . only the best will do for her .
well , what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant ? it is very upscale , with a three star rating .
i do not want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight . how about another restaurant ?
the gramercy tavern is highly rated . it has great food and live jazz , but it is not cheap .
yes , that sounds like a winner . would you please call them to reserve a table ?
i am already dialing , sir .
i am taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ?
but of course ! how much are you thinking of spending on dinner ?
she deserves nothing but the best , of course .
in that case , i would suggest our own hotel restaurant . the chef , the food , and the service are outstanding .
i promised her i would take her out to a restaurant . do you have another one in mind ?
you can always go to gramercy tavern . it is quite popular , despite its expensive entrees .
great food and lots of patrons ? what more could i want ? please reserve a table for me .
yes , sir . you are going to have a great time .
i am taking my date to a restaurant . could you tell me about one or two good ones ?
my pleasure ! how much would you like to spend on your date ?
she will want an excellent restaurant , of course .
you should know that our hotel chef was trained in paris . the service and food are world class .
i wanted to go out somewhere , not stay here . do you know of another good restaurant ?
you can not go wrong with gramercy tavern . it is famous for its food , service , and live jazz .
i like that ! could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight ?
at once , sir . you will love this place , i assure you .
well , i have got a date . now i need to find a restaurant . can you help me ?
no problem , of course ! how much would you like to spend to impress the lady ?
nothing but the best for a pretty woman !
sir , the restaurant you seek is right here . this hotel has a three star restaurant .
i sort of suggested that we would go out on the town . do you have another suggestion ?
gramercy tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant . plus , they have live jazz .
gramercy tavern ? i think i have heard of that before . call to get us a table , okay ?
right away , sir . she will be impressed with your local knowledge .
i had like to order dinner .
what would you like ?
i had like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
i am sorry . we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
i had prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do .
and may i suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
normally , i would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight .
okay , no strawberries . room service will be charged to your amenities account . is that all right ?
that is fine .
it will be up shortly . enjoy your food , sir .
could i order dinner ?
of course . what would you like ?
i want a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
i am so sorry . we ran out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
that is too bad , but the porterhouse will be okay .
may i be so bold as to suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
not tonight , thank you .
no strawberries . we will charge your amenities account , if that is okay .
charge it to whatever account you like .
your meal will be delivered as soon as it is all ready . enjoy !
could you bring me some food , please ?
sure . what do you fancy ?
can i have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare ?
sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . may i suggest the porterhouse ?
no filet ? okay , porterhouse will be fine then .
perhaps you would like chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion .
okay . this will be charged to your amenities account , okay ?
no problem .
your food will be brought to you momentarily . i hope you enjoy it .
i had like you to bring me some food .
just name it , sir .
please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
regrettably , we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
sure , i love porterhouse , too .
would you be interested in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
i had love to , but i am allergic to strawberries .
okay , no strawberries tonight . the items will be charged to your amenities account .
go right ahead .
our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible .
i need something to eat , please .
tell me what you are hungry for .
i feel like champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
unfortunately , we are out of filet mignon at the moment . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
i prefer filet , but porterhouse is good , too .
perhaps i could interest you in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
just the champagne will be fine , thank you .
you will see this charge on your amenities account .
that is fine .
it will not be long until your food is delivered . i know you will enjoy it .
can i order something from the kitchen ?
just tell me what you had like , please .
a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot .
i hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
sure ! right now , i would even eat hamburger !
have you ever tried chocolate covered strawberries with champagne ?
thank you , but i just finished eating some chocolate covered cherries .
that will be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account .
not a problem .
please call if you have any other requests . your food will be delivered promptly .
i have a little problem with room 507 .
what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?
i found cockroaches in my room .
cockroaches , sir ? that is unbelievable .
i have seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room .
sir , are you sure you have not seen the same silverfish nine times ?
there are nine cockroaches in my room . i do not have time for your disbelief !
i apologize . one moment , please , while i transfer you to my supervisor .
i am in 507 . i have a few problems with my room .
what is that problem , sir ?
there are cockroaches in my room .
are you sure , sir ? flies i could believe , but cockroaches ?
i have counted nine different cockroaches , and i accidentally stepped on another one .
sir , we run a spotless and cockroach less hotel .
you dare to doubt me ?
i am sorry , sir . let me transfer you to my supervisor .
there is a big problem with my room . i am in 507 .
would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir ?
i have cockroaches crawling in my room .
perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir .
i have seen nine more cockroaches than i wanted to see .
sir , you have not been drinking by any chance , have you ?
how dare you question my statement !
forgive me . you are 100 percent correct . allow me to transfer you to my supervisor .
there is a major problem with room 507 .
i am sorry to hear that . please tell me the exact problem .
this room is overrun with cockroaches .
there has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel , sir .
i stopped counting at nine .
sir , this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors .
your inspector needs spectacles . the fact is that cockroaches are running rampant .
i apologize , sir . just a second , while i transfer you to my supervisor .
i am in 507 , and i have a big problem .
i am so sorry . kindly tell me what the problem is , sir .
everywhere i look , i see cockroaches .
perhaps you could look again , sir , to double check .
the next cockroach i see will be number ten .
mr . sandals , i have worked here five years without seeing one cockroach .
i have already suffered enough without listening anymore to you !
you are right , sir . please let me transfer you to my supervisor .
i have a little problem with room 507 .
problems are what we are here for , sir . please tell me your problem .
this room is filthy with cockroaches .
were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them , sir ?
i have already seen nine of them and , as they say , eight is enough !
sir , sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots .
you are not in a position to question my vision or my statement !
i am very sorry , sir . will you please hold while i transfer you to my supervisor ?
i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight !
and the problem is , sir ?
cockroaches have taken over my room !
my apologies , sir . we will give you a new room and refund the value of your current room .
thank you . i want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others .
we always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible .
i want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight .
i am sorry , sir . exactly what is the problem ?
i am knee deep in cockroaches !
i am so sorry , sir . we will give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also .
thank you . i am glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact .
sir , we always try to please our guests .
i am quite upset ! i want a new room and a refund for tonight .
forgive me , sir , i have not been told what the problem is .
i am about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches !
my apologies , sir . we will transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund .
thank you . i did not want to have to take this to court .
sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy .
this room is unacceptable . i want a new one , and i want a refund for tonight .
would you please tell me the exact problem , sir ?
i am being attacked by hordes of cockroaches !
oh , my gosh , they are back ? another room at once , sir , plus a full refund , of course .
thank you very much . this has been a most unsettling experience .
sir , our guests are our reason for being .
this room is unfit for humans . i want another room , and i want a refund for tonight .
perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir .
in a word , cockroaches !
oh , no , are they back ? i will give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight .
thank you . i am glad that you do not believe that your guests are liars .
sir , without happy guests , we are nothing .
i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight !
if you tell me the exact problem , i can be more helpful .
cockroaches have declared war on my room !
allow me to apologize . i will give you another room right now , and a full refund for tonight .
thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence .
sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do .
excuse me . does this hotel have a fitness facility ?
yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness .
where is your fitness facility located ?
the gym is just below the lobby . take the elevator or the stairs . you can not miss it .
is there an additional surcharge for the gym ?
no , the gym is free to guests . take your room key , however , so you can get in .
what time is the gym open , and what time does it close ?
the gym is open seven days a week , twenty four hours a day .
do you offer trainer services along with the gym ?
unfortunately , no . if you want a trainer , you will have to use another gym .
pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?
yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests' needs , including fitness .
great ! where is it ?
sir , the gym is just below the lobby . you can take the elevator or the stairs .
do i have to pay extra ?
no , sir . it is gratis . just take your room key so you can get in .
what are the gym hours ?
you will be happy to know that it is open 24/7 .
great ! is a trainer available ?
i am sorry , but no . we used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident .
does this hotel have an exercise facility ?
but of course ! we have a great exercise facility .
good . now exactly where is it ?
it is located right under our lobby . just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down .
is this going to cost me anything ?
no , sir . the gym is absolutely free . however , be sure to take your room key with you .
when does the gym open and close ?
the hours could not be better , 24/7 .
very good . now , is there a trainer down there ?
i wish i could tell you yes , but no , there is not .
do you have a place where i can exercise ?
yes , sir . we have a fine exercise facility .
i am happy to hear that . now , would you tell me where it is ?
you are actually standing above it . just take the elevator or stairs down one level .
is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use ?
no , sir . there is no extra charge . all you need is your room key to open the door .
and the gym hours are ?
sir , you will be pleased to know that our gym never closes .
one more question
do you have a trainer ?
we might be getting one in the near future . but at the present time , no .
excuse me . do you happen to have a gym here ?
yes , sir . i think you will find our gym quite satisfactory .
so , where do i go to exercise ?
it is only one flight down , sir . just take the elevator or the stairs .
am i going to be charged extra for using the gym ?
sir , you can use the gym for free . all you need is your room key .
great ! now tell me , what are the hours of this gym ?
sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week .
do you have a trainer to help me work out ?
i am sorry , sir , but we have no trainer .
i had like to request some more amenities .
amenities ? what do you mean by amenities , sir ?
the free stuff , you know , the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc .
i see . sir , if i may ask
have you used up all the amenities in your room ?
not at all . i still have enough for the next few days .
then what is the problem , sir ?
i need some to keep as souvenirs !
souvenirs ?
yes , souvenirs . trinkets to remember my trip by !
we do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir .
that is not the same . i never pay for hotel souvenirs !
i will call housekeeping . someone will be up with more amenities shortly .
i need more amenities , please .
could you be a little more specific , sir ?
to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo .
i understand . now , you are saying that you have already used up all your amenities ?
no ! i have got all i need for my stay here .
so , what is the problem ?
i need souvenirs !
you want some souvenirs !
yes , yes . souvenirs .
but , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
that is not the same thing . if you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
i understand , sir . i will call housekeeping . you will have your souvenirs shortly .
how do i get more amenities ?
i am sorry , sir . i am not sure i understand .
i am talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
oh , i see . so , you are saying that you have already run out of your amenities .
no , no . i have got plenty left .
now i am confused again ! what is the problem ?
what am i going to do about souvenirs ?
oh , i get it ! you want souvenirs !
yes , i have got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
please ! free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
i understand completely , sir . housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
yes , i need more amenities .
by amenities , exactly what do you mean , please ?
you know , the things that are free , like the soap and the shampoo .
okay , i got it . you have already run out of all your amenities ?
no , i still have plenty left , even if i took three baths a day .
i am more confused now than before . how is there a problem ?
i need to take home some souvenirs !
okay , finally i understand . you would like souvenirs !
yes , souvenirs that i can take home and add to my collection .
if it is souvenirs you want , sir , just visit our souvenir shop . it has everything .
are you kidding ? whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs ?
no problem at all , sir . housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit .
i need some more amenities , please .
i am not sure i am following you , sir .
specifically , i am talking about the little things , like soap and shampoo .
oh , now i understand ! so , you have already used up all your amenities ?
no , i am not even halfway through my supply .
i am losing you , sir . what is the problem ?
what is the use of going to a hotel if you do not take home souvenirs ?
okay , i got it . you are collecting souvenirs !
there you go . my friends expect me to bring home souvenirs .
have you visited our souvenir shop , sir ? it is loaded with all kinds of items .
i have never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life , and i do not intend to start now .
sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily .
i need to copy a document immediately .
we have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor .
great ! how much is it for a copy ?
the price per copy is ten cents .
that sounds reasonable . i will be down there immediately .
there should not be any long lines , sir .
i need to copy something right now .
our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .
great ! how much per copy ?
sir , one copy is ten cents .
i will be down there shortly .
you probably will not have to wait for anyone , sir .
i need to make a copy of something at once .
there is a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir .
fantastic ! is there a charge ?
it is ten cents a copy , sir .
i am only making one copy , so i guess i can afford it .
a dime is still a bargain , sir .
i need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible .
no problem , sir . there is a copy machine in our computer lab .
very good . how much does each copy cost ?
each copy will cost you a dime , sir .
a dime ? i remember when copies used to cost a nickel .
there are not many things you can get for a nickel , sir .
i need a doctor immediately !
sir , is everything all right ?
my wife just collapsed on the floor !
sir , i need you to calm down . take deep breaths .
i am sorry . it is just that my wife . i need the emergency room .
sir , i am dialing 911 on another line .
what is taking you so long ?
i am transferring you right now . just remain calm .
help me ! i need a doctor !
what is the problem , sir ?
my wife is on the floor !
sir , please calm down . take a deep breath .
i need some help , right now !
sir , i am going to put you through to 911 .
hurry , please !
i am transferring you right now , sir .
i need a doctor right now !
tell me the problem , sir .
my wife just passed out !
sir , it is difficult to understand you . please take a deep breath and calm down .
do not tell me to calm down ! my wife is passed out !
i am getting 911 on another line , sir .
okay , but hurry .
stay calm , sir , and talk clearly .
get a doctor here , immediately !
what is the problem , sir ?
my wife is on the floor , she is unconscious !
sir , could you calm down a little bit , please ?
calm down ? ! my wife is unconscious , and you are telling me to calm down ? !
hold on just a second , sir . i am dialing 911 .
hurry up , please .
i am connecting you now , sir .
a doctor ! i need a doctor !
give me some details , sir .
something is wrong with my wife . she is lying on the floor .
sir , if you do not calm down , you might have a stroke yourself .
you are right , i am beside myself with worry .
hold on , sir . i am connecting you with 911 .
time is critical . hurry up !
i hope everything turns out well , sir . here is 911 .
i had like to order broadband internet for my laptop .
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .
i do not have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .
that is too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .
yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .
we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .
very good . how much does that cost ?
the service is free to hotel patrons . however , printing costs ten cents per page .
i see . and the other alternatives ?
alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . you can bring your laptop down here .
great ! what if i need to print something in the lobby ?
you would have to use the computer lab . i am sorry for the inconvenience .
i need broadband for my computer .
no problem . just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you are good to go .
that is a problem . my laptop has no ethernet port , it is wireless only .
hmm . well , we have some alternatives , if you are interested .
go ahead . i am all ears .
we have a computer lab on the first floor .
that is great ! how much is it ?
it is absolutely free to guests . except for printing , of course .
what about the other alternatives ?
you could use your wireless right here in our lobby .
yes , that is the ticket ! and if i need to print something there ?
well , we do not have a printer in the lobby yet . you will have to use the lab .
i had like to get busy on my computer , but i need some broadband .
there is an ethernet cable in your room . just plug it into the back of your laptop .
i can not use ethernet . my computer is wireless only .
that is okay . i can tell you about some alternatives we have .
any alternative that works will be great .
well , there is our computer lab on the first floor .
that sounds good . what is the charge ?
the lab and the computers are no charge , but you have to pay for whatever you print .
that sounds good . now , how about the other alternatives ?
of course . our lobby is set up for wireless , so just bring your computer down here .
use my laptop in the lobby ? that is great ! now , if i need to print something there ?
they plan to install a printer here . but until then , you will have to use the lab .
i can not get going on my computer until i get a broadband hookup .
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be off and running .
that would be okay if i had an ethernet port . unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only .
in that case , let me tell you about some alternatives .
anything to get me up and running .
for starters , we have a computer lab .
fantastic ! what do i have to pay per hour ?
the lab is completely free . but you do have to pay a dime a page for printing .
that is fine . now tell me about the other alternatives .
just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . we are set up for wireless right here .
great ! i like that suggestion , but what if i need to print something there ?
unfortunately , you will have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs .
how do i get online with my laptop ?
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be online in a heartbeat .
i see the cable . but my computer runs on wireless only .
no problem . i will tell you about our alternatives .
yes , i had love to hear what the alternatives are .
our state of the art computer lab is on the first floor .
great ! but is it free ?
sir , the computers are free to guests , but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee .
you said there were other alternatives ?
just use your computer here in the lobby . it is set up for wireless .
that sounds like a winner . now if i need to print something in the lobby ?
we might have a printer here next month . but for now , you will have to go to the lab .
i had like to order a restock on my minibar .
you finished everything in there , sir ?
absolutely everything .
what would you like to order ?
three bottles each of perrier and jim beam .
uh huh . what else do you want ?
the apples were great . could you bring a couple more up ?
no problem . is there anything else i can get for you ?
some grape juice would also be nice .
i will get all of that for you right away . someone should be up shortly .
i need my minibar restocked .
everything is gone , sir ?
there is not a drop left of anything .
is there anything in particular you had like ?
yes , the perrier and the jim beam hit the spot . let me have three more of each .
got it . anything else ?
i really liked the apples . bring me a couple of apples , please .
not a problem . anything else ?
yes , one more thing some grape juice .
someone will be up shortly with your order , sir .
my minibar is empty .
you already finished off everything , sir ?
i finished off everything .
would you like anything in particular ?
the perrier and the jim beam . let me have three more of each .
beam and perrier . anything else , sir ?
i really loved the apples in my room . bring me a few more , please .
sure thing . might there by anything else ?
yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too .
perrier , jim beam , apples , and grape juice . it will all be there shortly , sir .
how do i restock my minibar ?
you have drunk everything , sir ?
i finished it all .
do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items ?
send me up three bottles each of perrier and jim beam .
that is three jim beams and three perriers . anything else , sir ?
the apples in my room were delicious . bring me a few more , please .
okay . are you sure there is not anything else ?
you know , some grape juice would be really nice , too .
be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door .
my minibar is completely empty .
everything in that minibar has been consumed , sir ?
everything is gone .
is there anything special you had like ?
just bring me three bottles each of jim beam and perrier .
okay , sir . three of each . would you like anything else ?
the fruit basket was great . i need a few more apples , please .
perrier , jim beam , and apples . is that it for now ?
yes , one last thing
i could use some grape juice .
your order will be brought to you momentarily , sir .
is there a swimming pool in this hotel ?
we do not have a full sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations .
what exactly does that mean ?
basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim .
that sounds really neat . is there an extra charge for these swim stations ?
if you are a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations .
are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym ?
to conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7 .00 a .m . till 10 .00 p .m .
i will go down there as soon as i can !
i do not think you will be disappointed . people really seem to like the swim stations .
does this hotel have a pool ?
i am sorry , sir , we do not have one . however , in our gym , we do have swim stations .
i am not sure i understand .
think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current .
cool . what will they think of next ? how much are they ?
sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations .
excellent ! now what are the hours ?
the gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m . only .
i am going to change into my trunks right now !
i think you will like the experience , sir . it is a great workout .
do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ?
we do not have a pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym .
i never heard of a swim station . is that like a train or bus station ?
it is just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
holy cow ! i never heard of such a thing . how much do they cost ?
as a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
this sounds better every second . now , when can i use the stations ?
if you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m .
oh , boy ! this is going to be great . i am going to the gym right now !
i am sure you will enjoy your workout , sir . everyone seems to like the swim stations .
i think i have looked everywhere , but i have not seen a swimming pool here .
this hotel has no full size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
swim stations ? whoever heard of such a thing ?
you swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill .
all that exercise in a little pool ! do i have to pay anything ?
the swim stations are available to all guests for no charge .
very good . now can you tell me the hours of operation ?
they are available anytime between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m , seven days a week .
wow ! i can not wait to change into my trunks !
the swim stations are very popular , sir . i hope you do not find a line down there .
i have been looking for a swimming pool , but i have not found one yet .
we have no pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
swim stations ? could you be a little more explicit ?
you know how you run on a treadmill but do not go anywhere ? well , it is the same thing .
gee , that is a great idea . now , how much do i have to pay ?
the stations are absolutely free to guests , sir .
great ! now , when can i go down there and use the stations ?
the swim stations are open daily from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m .
boy , oh boy ! i can not wait to change into my swim trunks .
be warned , sir . at certain hours the swim stations are very crowded .
i need to get a taxi .
we have a variety of transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi ?
no , that will not be necessary . i just need a taxi .
perhaps you had prefer a limousine . that is such a stylish way to travel .
just a taxi , please .
and what is your destination ?
i am going to rockefeller center .
i see . what time do you want to depart from the hotel ?
i want to leave as soon as possible .
okay , a taxi will arrive in seconds , sir .
thank you , i am coming down now .
it will not be but a few seconds , sir .
i need a taxi , please .
we have various transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle ?
no , thanks . a taxi is just fine .
may i suggest a limo ? it is nice to pamper yourself once in a while .
i do not want anything except a taxi , thank you .
i understand . and where will you be going ?
rockefeller center .
and what time would you like to be picked up ?
the sooner the better .
a taxi will be here shortly , sir .
great ! and remember , a taxi , not a limo .
a taxi it is , sir .
can you get me a taxi ?
we offer various types of transportation . perhaps you had like to upgrade to a private vehicle ?
thanks , but no thanks . a taxi will do just fine .
in that case , how about a limo ? then you can travel in style .
no , i hate limousines . they are gas guzzlers .
got it , sir . where would you like the taxi to take you ?
my destination is rockefeller center .
what time do you want to leave the hotel ?
as soon as possible .
i will call the taxi immediately , sir .
i am coming downstairs now .
a brand new taxi is pulling up now , sir .
i am going to need a taxi .
you do not have to restrict yourself to a taxi . we can offer you a private vehicle .
a private vehicle , huh ? no , a taxi is okay .
some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi .
no , i would not be caught dead in a limo .
no upgrade of any kind . and where might you be going ?
i am headed to rockefeller center .
when shall i tell the taxi to be here ?
right now .
the taxi will be here immediately , sir .
good , i am leaving my room in about one minute .
you will not have to wait a second , sir .
i need a taxi .
we could easily provide you with a private vehicle , if you had prefer .
no , the taxi will do .
perhaps you had like to take a beautiful limousine .
no , thank you . taxis and i get along just fine .
no private vehicle , no limo . got it . where are you going ?
i am seeing a show at rockefeller center .
what time should the taxi be here to pick you up ?
i am ready to go right now .
i will have a taxi for you momentarily , sir .
great ! as soon as i brush my teeth , i will be downstairs .
you will enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir .
could you please reserve a taxi for me ?
do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking ?
a private vehicle ? no , thanks , i will not need one .
even better than a private vehicle is a limo . how does that sound ?
t a x i , please .
a taxi it is . where will you be headed ?
rockefeller center . can you get the taxi here immediately , please ?
a taxi will be here in just a minute , sir .
good . i will get my coat and come downstairs .
the taxi will be ready when you are , sir .
i am checking out . here is the key to my room .
thank you . i will just print out your receipt , and then you are free to go . here you go !
thanks .
if you do not mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at new york hotel ?
this hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in new york was thoroughly delightful .
that is very honest of you . rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time .
i want to check out . here is my room key .
one second , sir , while i print out your receipt . here you are .
thanks .
may i ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
except for one night , i enjoyed the hotel . and i loved new york , of course .
thank you for your honesty . i assure you there will be no cockroaches next time .
i am leaving . here is my key .
just one second , sir , and i will give you your receipt . here you go .
thank you very much .
sir , did you enjoy your stay here ?
most of my time here was pleasant . and new york itself is fantastic .
i am glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . but please do not think too unkindly of us .
i am out of here . here is my key .
give me just a few seconds , sir , and i will hand you your receipt . here you are .
i thank you .
i hope you enjoyed your stay , sir .
i only had nine little problems here . other than that , i enjoyed my stay , and i loved the city .
i apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . i hope you have a nice trip home .
my stay is over . here is the key to my room .
thank you . and here is your receipt , sir .
many thanks .
i hope your stay here was satisfactory , sir .
this could be a great hotel , once you get rid of the insects . the city itself is great .
i am glad that the little problem did not ruin your visit . please have a pleasant trip home .
this visit is over for me . here is your room key .
thank you for that , and in return , here is your receipt .
and thanks to you .
i hope you will visit us again , sir .
i had be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches .
i guarantee you that our little friends will not be back . i hope your trip home is pleasant .
my amenities bill says that i owe $10 for a movie , but i never ordered one .
let is see . it says that you were charged monday at 9 .00 p .m . for the movie  titanic . 
that is absolutely wrong ! i was out exploring the city monday night .
okay , let me see what i can do .
thank you . i did not think it would be this simple .
i can take the $10 off your bill , but i need to charge you $2 for the service .
are you serious ? i have to pay $2 for a movie i never watched ?
unfortunately , sir , it is how the computer is programmed .
this is outrageous ! i am never coming back to this hotel again !
i am sorry , sir . perhaps you had like to write a letter to headquarters .
i just discovered that i owe $10 for a movie that i never ordered .
let me check , sir . you were charged for watching  titanic  monday night .
that is absolutely incorrect ! i was out on the town monday night .
okay , sir , bear with me a moment .
thank you for taking my word over the computer is word .
one slight problem , sir . i need to charge you $2 to remove this error from your file .
you can not be serious . you are making me pay $2 for a movie i never watched ?
i feel your pain , sir .
absolutely unbelievable ! you people should be ashamed of yourselves .
i agree with you , sir , but all i do is work here .
you guys are charging me $10 for a movie that i never ordered or saw .
let is see , sir . according to your file , you watched  titanic  monday evening .
the wrong information is in my file . i was at a concert monday night .
well , your word overrules the file , sir . one moment , please .
i knew you had see it my way .
sir , i deleted the $10 , but i had to add a $2 service charge to your bill .
am i in the twilight zone ? you are charging me for a movie i never saw ?
please do not blame me , sir . blame the computer programmer .
this is highway robbery . i have got a good mind to call the police !
if it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
why am i being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered ?
sir , according to your file , you spent monday evening watching  titanic . 
the file is wrong . i was at a great concert that night .
well , this would not be the first time that a file was wrong . just a moment , please .
thank you for taking care of it so quickly .
sir , when i deleted the $10 , the program automatically added a $2 service charge .
you can not do that ! you can not charge me for a mistake that you made !
sometimes you can not win for losing , sir .
now i have seen it all ! what a rip off this place is !
i do not blame you , sir . two dollars is a lot of money .
i need to know why i am being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered .
hmm . your file shows that you watched  titanic  monday night .
monday night ? monday night i was at a great concert .
well , as they say , garbage in , garbage out . let me correct this error , please .
thank you . it is very nice when problems can be solved quickly .
when i deleted the $10 , the computer automatically added a $2 service charge .
are you crazy ? you made the mistake and now you are charging me for your mistake ?
sir , if it makes you feel any better , the $2 service fee used to be $5 .
why do not you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything i have ?
unfortunately , sir , you will have to pay the $2 , whether you like it or not .
i am checking out in about half an hour .
whenever you are ready to check out , i will be ready , sir .
great ! as you know however , the day in new york has hardly begun .
you are right . it is only 9 .00 a .m .
therefore , i think i will explore new york some more . but i need to store my bags .
sir , our storage facility is merely $5 an hour . you also need to leave a deposit .
my luggage is not enough of a deposit ?
unfortunately , it is not . visa or mastercard will suffice , though .
let me put on my thinking cap for a moment .
better hurry , sir . remember you have to check out in less than half an hour .
i should tell you that i am checking out in about 30 minutes .
i am ready when you are , sir .
very good ! now , it is still morning here in new york .
you are so right , sir . the clock just struck nine .
i am going to spend some time exploring the city . what can i do with my luggage ?
sir , right here we have a storage site . its only $5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .
a deposit ? is not my luggage a deposit ?
i am sorry , sir , but it is not . your mastercard or visa will take care of things nicely .
let me think about this .
okay , sir . but do not take too long . you only have 30 minutes .
do you know that i am checking out in about 30 minutes ?
just say the word , sir .
excellent ! now , as you know , the day has barely begun .
i agree . the dew is still on the grass .
i want to hit a few more places in the city , but i need a place to put my luggage .
we do have a storage space for your bags . there is a small charge , plus a deposit .
leave a deposit ? is not leaving the luggage enough of a deposit ?
regrettably , no . but simply present your visa to cover your deposit .
i will have to think about this for a second .
okay , sir , but do not think too long . your checkout is only 30 minutes away .
in case you did not know , i am checking out in half an hour .
that will not be a problem , sir .
that is good to hear . now there is still a whole new york day ahead of me .
you are right , sir . your whole day is still ahead of you .
i still have time to explore more of new york , but i need a place to secure my baggage .
we have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit .
a deposit , huh ? i would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit .
just present your visa card , and there will not be any problems .
that deposit bothers me . give me a minute .
okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time .
i will be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes .
thirty minutes or 30 seconds , sir , it does not matter , i am ready for you .
great ! as you know , however , the day in new york has hardly begun .
there is nothing like getting an early start , sir .
what can i do with my baggage while i visit a few more tourist spots ?
you can leave your baggage in our storage space , with a deposit .
is not my baggage enough of a deposit ?
i wish it was , but it is not . they will still want a credit card .
it is always something , is not it ? let me think about this for a second .
do not forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out .
i had like to leave a parcel for one of my friends . is that okay ?
all i need is your name , the name of your friend , and the time of pick up .
all of that is on the package . can i just bring it down to your desk ?
that would be most convenient for me . thanks for your consideration !
i want to leave a parcel for a friend to pick up . can i do that ?
just tell me your name , your friend is name , and when your friend is coming by .
i will put all that information on the package and just bring it down to you . is that okay ?
that sounds great , sir . thank you .
can i leave a parcel with you for one of my friends to pick up later ?
i just need your name and your friend is name . also , tell me when he is coming by .
how about if i write all that on the package and then bring it down to you ?
perfect . thank you for doing that .
i have got a parcel here that a friend is going to pick up . can i leave it with you ?
no problem . just tell me your name , his name , and when he is coming by .
i will just write all that info on the parcel itself and then bring it to you .
sir , you make my work too easy . thank you .
a friend is picking up a parcel . can i leave the parcel with you ?
by all means , sir . just give me your name , his name , and when he will be coming by .
i can put all of that right on the package and then bring it down to you , if that is okay .
well , thank you for doing that , sir . i wish all guests were like you .
i am calling to cancel a reservation i made earlier in the week .
to cancel your reservation , i need your name , phone number , and date of trip , please .
rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 . my reservation begins on the second monday of april .
i see your reservation on my computer . let me just cancel it , and you will be all set !
thanks . i will call again when things get better at home .
you are welcome .
i need to cancel my reservation . i have personal matters that need fixing .
that is not a problem . just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit .
rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , april 9 through 15 .
i see your info here on the screen . i will hit just one button , sir , and you are cancelled .
thank you . i am glad that was not too much of a bother .
it is a pleasure .
i made a reservation earlier this week , but i have to cancel it .
no problem , sir . just tell me your name , phone number , and date of reservation .
great ! i am rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , and my reservation was for april 9 to 15 .
sir , let me hit the delete button , and your reservation will be cancelled .
that was nice and fast . thanks .
not at all .
i hate to do this , but i have got to cancel a reservation i made earlier this week .
all i need is your name , phone , and reservation date .
my name is rudy randolph . i am at 818 555 1234 . the reservation was for april 9 .
randolph , rudy . let me hit one button , sir , and now your reservation is cancelled .
thank you . i will make another reservation as soon as i can .
it is been my pleasure to help you .
my wife is sick , so i have to cancel a reservation i made .
if you will just give me your name , phone , and date of visit , i can cancel your reservation .
i am rudy randolph at 818 555 1234 , april ninth to the fifteenth .
mr . randolph . okay , one second , sir , and there you go . your reservation is now cancelled .
i wish everything in life was so simple , thank you .
not a problem , sir . please remember us in the future .
i had like a room for two people , for three nights please .
ok , i just need you to fill in this form please .
do you want breakfast ?
yes , please .
breakfast is from 7 to 10 each morning in the dining room . here is your key . your room number is 345 , on the third floor . enjoy your stay .
thank you .
i had like a room please .
do you have a reservation ?
no , i do not .
how many nights ?
two nights , please .
for two people ?
yes .
do you want breakfast ?
no , thank you .
ok , that will be $210 . do you want to pay now , or when you check out ?
i will pay now .
can you fill this in , and sign here please .
thank you . here is your receipt and your key . you are in room 231 , on the second floor .
i had like to check out please .
what room number ?
231 .
that is $250 please .
thank you . sign here please . have a good journey .
thank you .
hello tui , it is jane .
hi jane .
i was thinking about having a few days away at the weekend . will you be able to join me ?
that sounds great . where were you planning to go ?
i would like to stay in london .
i enjoy visiting london . there is so much to see .
i will book two single rooms at the holiday inn . it is situated just off oxford street .
if we are near oxford street , we are very close to the big stores .
i will book today .
is it very expensive ?
most good london hotels are expensive but we can get a special three day weekend break offer .
what does that cover ?
we get bed and breakfast and 20 towards the cost of dinner .
that sounds fine . let me know when you have had our booking confirmed .
i will pay by credit card over the phone .
is it okay if i pay you when we leave on friday ?
yes , of course .
i am looking forward to our weekend away .
hello , i have booked two single rooms . my surname is major .
welcome to the holiday inn , oxford street . please sign the register .
i can visit oxford street from here .
here are your room cards . when you insert them into the slot on your room door , the light will change from red to green . when the green light is on , your room is unlocked .
good morning , bella hotels room
reservation . this is (name) speaking . how may i help you ?
good morning . i would like to make a reservation
please .
alright sir . thank you for waiting . how many nights do you planned to stay in sir ?
i am going to stay for 4 nights .
what kind of room would you like to stay in sir ?
may i know the kinds of room and your facilities ?
certainly sir . we have three kinds of room ,
the suite room , the executive room , and the deluxe room .which one do you prefer sir/maam ?
i would prefer the deluxe room with free breakfast and dinner .
your preferred room and free offer is noted .
how many people is the reservation for ?
the reservation is for two .
may i know the exact date and time of your arrival ?
i will be arriving at feb 3 , 2016 at 11 .30 a .m .
can you please state your full name ?
i am (name) .
ok sir/ms .(name) . can you please tell your address and contact number ?
my address is 19 , orville village , marikina
city and my contact number is 335 6790 .
alright sir/maam , i repeat . your address is
19 , orville village , marikina city and your contact number is 335 6790 .
yes , that is it .
your address and contact number is noted . how
will you pay the bill sir/maam , through credit card or cash ?
through cash .
alright sir/maam , i will repeat all the information i got from you .
yes , you said it correctly .
ok sir/maam . your reservation is noted . is
there anything else i can do for you ?
that would be all . thank you for assisting me mr/ms .(name) .
you are welcome sir/maam . we look forward to your visit and thank you for choosing bella hotels .
good morning , pine trees hotel . how can i help you today ?
hello , i would like to book a room for tonight  friday , august 15th   the 20th till the 23rd .
what kind of room would you like ?
i would like a double room , please .
please hold on i will check . i am afraid we only have single room available . tomorrow we will have a double room .
ok that will do . how much for a single room ?
forty pounds including vat  excluding vat  before vat .
are meals included in that price ?
yes , your breakfast and dinner are included and are served in our dining room .
that is great ; i will take a single room for tonight and change to a double room tomorrow .
can you give me your credit card details so we can book your room   .
welcome to the wyatt hotel . how may i help you ?
i had like a room please ?
would you like a single or a double ?
i had like a double , please ?
may i have your name , please ?
timothy findley .
how many are in your party ?
just two .
how many nights would you like to stay ?
just tonight .
how will you be paying ?
is visa ok ?
that will be fine . would you like a wake up call ?
yes , i had like a wake up call for 6 .30 . do you have a pool ?
yes , we do . on the 2nd floor . here is your key . that is room 405 on the fourth floor .
hi , my name is suzuki and i have a reservation for tonight .
let me check . ok , yes . a twin room for one night .
that is right .
you are in room 408 . how would you like to pay for the room ?
do you take american express travelers checks ?
certainly , are they in american funds ?
no , in canadian . is that ok ?
yes , no problem . with the exchange , that comes to 83 .76 dollars canadian .
do i pay now or when i check out .
in advance , please .
here you go .
the elevator is just around the corner . do you need any help with your bags ?
no thanks . i can manage myself .
is there anything else we can do to help you enjoy your stay ?
can you give me a wake up call at 7 .00 ?
we do not do that from here . you can use the clock radio in the room , or you can program the telephone in your room to ring at 7 .00 .
oh , yes . i have a meeting downtown tomorrow . does this hotel have a shuttle bus ?
no , i am afraid we do not , but we will be happy to call a taxi for you if you provide us with the details .
no , that will not be necessary . i can call from my room .
there are no charges for local calls .
hi there . are you checking out now ?
yes , sorry . i know we are a few minutes late .
that is no problem . it is always really busy at check out time anyway .
oh , really . the last hotel we stayed in charged us for a late check out .
the hotel is not booked this week , so it is not a problem . how was everything ?
the room was great . the beds were really comfortable , and we were not expecting our own fridge .
i am glad you liked it .
the kids were disappointed that the pool was not open this morning , though .
i apologize for that . we ca not get a cleaner in any earlier than 10 am .
well we had a nice swim last night anyhow .
will you be putting this on your credit card ?
no . i will pay cash .
ok . so the total comes to $123 .67 , including tax .
i thought it was $115 even . that is what they said yesterday when we checked in .
yes , but there is an extra room charge on your bill .
oh , i forgot . my husband ordered a plate of nachos . sorry .
no problem . sofrom $140 , here is your change . now , i will just need to ask you for your room keys .
good morning sir . may i help you ?
good morning . i need a room .
do you require a single or double room or a suite ?
well ! a single room will do .
please fill your name in this register .
may i know the tariff please ?
it is nine hundred rupees a day .
does it include breakfast ?
no sir . it is just for the accommodation sir .
is the room air conditioned ?
all our rooms are centrally air conditioned .
do you have a restaurant ?
not one . we have three . we offer indian , western and chinese cuisine catered by the different restaurants .
well ! that is good news . i can choose different cuisine for different meals .
may i know the duration of your stay ?
tentatively , i shall write it as four days .
that will do . please inform us about your extension one day earlier .
sure . by the way , do you have laundry facility here ?
yes . please call up the housekeeping department and they will have the clothes picked up .
how do i get the extension phone numbers for all the departments ?
all the in house phone numbers are in a list kept near the telephone .
oh ! that will do . thank you . you have been very helpful .
my pleasure ! i am here to help you .
thanks . well i am rather tired . can you please ask the bellboy to bring my luggage to the room ?
certainly . here is your key .
thank you very much .
you are welcome
hi .
hello , guest services this is sara . how can i be of assistance ?
i would like to order room service .
certainly sir , what is your room number and name , please ?
it is room 218 and the name is smith .
thank you . what would you like to order mr smith ?
i had like the rump steak .
how would you like your steak cooked ?
medium rare , please .
would you like mashed potatoes and vegetables or salad and fries ?
salad and fries thank you .
which sauce would you prefer ? we have pepper , mushroom or red wine ?
i will have mushroom sauce .
okay , is there anything else you had like mr smith ?
i had also like the garden salad and a coke .
certainly sir , that will be delivered to your room shortly . enjoy your meal .
thank you very much .
hi , good afternoon . i would like to stay here .
do you have a reservation before , madam  ?
no , i do not have .
well , may i know what type of room would you like , how long will you be staying and how many person , madam  ?
i would like one suite room for 2 nights
please wait a moment , madam . i would like to check the room available on that period .
well ?
yes a room is available . what shall be the duration of your stay ?
it is from 15th of november 2014 until 17th of november 2014 and that is for two person , me and my children .
so is it final then ?
yes , i take this room .
well madam , please fill this registration card , and this is your pen .
i have finished to filling the registration card .
thank you , may i check your registration card , please ?
yes , this is my passport .
thank you .
i will pay by credit card , please . what kind of credit card do you accept at your hotel ?
in our hotel accept visa and mastercard credit card .
i will pay by visa
well , may i borrow your credit card , mrs .sisca  ? because i will take your deposit 100% the room rate for one night so that is rp . 450 .
sure , this is my credit card .
excusme , mrs .sisca . enter your pin , please .
sure , thank you for your informations .
you are welcome , mrs .sisca and wait a moment , please . i will call our bell boy to escort you to your room .
