 hello , excuse me . i have a reservation for tonight .
hello , excuse me . i have a reservation for tonight . your reservation is under what name ?
your reservation is under what name ? it is spencer .
it is spencer . that is right , yes .
that is right , yes . sorry . could you tell me if breaksfast is included in the price of the room ?
sorry . could you tell me if breaksfast is included in the price of the room ? yes , sir . one moment    yes , breakfast is included for two adults . the children eat for free .
yes , sir . one moment    yes , breakfast is included for two adults . the children eat for free . great . and what time is breakfast served ?
great . and what time is breakfast served ? the dining room is open from seven o'clock until ten o'clock on weekdays and until eleven at the weekend .
the dining room is open from seven o'clock until ten o'clock on weekdays and until eleven at the weekend . great . and where is the dining room ?
great . and where is the dining room ? it is on the first floor .
it is on the first floor . i had like to reserve a hotel room .
i had like to reserve a hotel room . that should be no problem . may i have your full name , please ?
that should be no problem . may i have your full name , please ? my name is john sandals .
my name is john sandals . hello , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days do you need that reservation , sir ?
hello , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days do you need that reservation , sir ? i am planning to visit new york from friday , april 14 until monday , april 17 .
i am planning to visit new york from friday , april 14 until monday , april 17 . our room rates recently went up . is that okay with you , mr . sandals ?
our room rates recently went up . is that okay with you , mr . sandals ? how much per night are we talking about ?
how much per night are we talking about ? each night will be $308 .
each night will be $308 . that price is perfectly acceptable .
that price is perfectly acceptable . wonderful ! do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
wonderful ! do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ? nonsmoking , please .
nonsmoking , please . next question
next question is a queen size bed okay ?
is a queen size bed okay ? that sounds fine .
that sounds fine . okay , mr . sandals . your reservation is in our computer . all we need now is a phone number .
okay , mr . sandals . your reservation is in our computer . all we need now is a phone number . certainly . my phone number is 626 555 1739 .
certainly . my phone number is 626 555 1739 . thank you , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you in new york !
thank you , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you in new york ! hi there , i want to reserve a hotel room .
hi there , i want to reserve a hotel room . no problem at all . could i have your full name , please ?
no problem at all . could i have your full name , please ? sure , john sandals .
sure , john sandals . hi , mr . sandals . i am michelle , at your service . when do you need the room ?
hi , mr . sandals . i am michelle , at your service . when do you need the room ? my plans are to be there april 14th to the 17th .
my plans are to be there april 14th to the 17th . we have new room rates , sir . will that be acceptable to you ?
we have new room rates , sir . will that be acceptable to you ? it depends on the price , of course . what is it ?
it depends on the price , of course . what is it ? it is $308 a night .
it is $308 a night . i have no problem with that .
i have no problem with that . great ! would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
great ! would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? definitely nonsmoking . i can not handle that smell .
definitely nonsmoking . i can not handle that smell . nonsmoking . now , is a queen size bed okay ?
nonsmoking . now , is a queen size bed okay ? no problem .
no problem . great , mr . sandals . your reservation is confirmed . now all i need is your phone number .
great , mr . sandals . your reservation is confirmed . now all i need is your phone number . of course ! it is area code 626 555 1739 .
of course ! it is area code 626 555 1739 . thank you so much , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you !
thank you so much , mr . sandals . we look forward to seeing you ! i need to reserve a room .
i need to reserve a room . not a problem . may i have your name , please ?
not a problem . may i have your name , please ? of course . i am john sandals .
of course . i am john sandals . hi , sir . my name is michelle . could you tell me when you need the room ?
hi , sir . my name is michelle . could you tell me when you need the room ? right now . i plan to be there in april from the 14th to the 17th .
right now . i plan to be there in april from the 14th to the 17th . perhaps you did not know that we have new room rates . do you find that acceptable , sir ?
perhaps you did not know that we have new room rates . do you find that acceptable , sir ? maybe . how much is a room ?
maybe . how much is a room ? the price per night is $308 .
the price per night is $308 . that sounds fine to me .
that sounds fine to me . fantastic ! would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
fantastic ! would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ? i hate cigarettes ! nonsmoking .
i hate cigarettes ! nonsmoking . that will be nonsmoking . now , do you approve of a single queen size bed ?
that will be nonsmoking . now , do you approve of a single queen size bed ? that will be no problem .
that will be no problem . i am happy to hear that , sir . your reservation is all set except for your phone number .
i am happy to hear that , sir . your reservation is all set except for your phone number . sure ! my number is 626 555 1739 .
sure ! my number is 626 555 1739 . 626 555 1739 . thank you for doing business with us , mr . sandals .
626 555 1739 . thank you for doing business with us , mr . sandals . i need a hotel room .
i need a hotel room . that is no problem at all . may i have your name , please ?
that is no problem at all . may i have your name , please ? certainly . my name is john sandals .
certainly . my name is john sandals . it is a pleasure , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days will you need a room ?
it is a pleasure , mr . sandals . my name is michelle . what days will you need a room ? friday afternoon , april 14 through monday morning , april 17 .
friday afternoon , april 14 through monday morning , april 17 . one minor problem , sir . our prices are now slightly higher . is that acceptable , sir ?
one minor problem , sir . our prices are now slightly higher . is that acceptable , sir ? please tell me the price , so i can make a decision .
please tell me the price , so i can make a decision . it will be $308 nightly .
it will be $308 nightly . that is a reasonable price .
that is a reasonable price . good ! now , sir , do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking ?
good ! now , sir , do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking ? i quit smoking , so nonsmoking .
i quit smoking , so nonsmoking . i hear you , sir . nonsmoking . now , about the bed , is a queen size okay ?
i hear you , sir . nonsmoking . now , about the bed , is a queen size okay ? a queen sounds great .
a queen sounds great . okay , sir , let me reserve those dates , there . now , if you will just tell me your phone number .
okay , sir , let me reserve those dates , there . now , if you will just tell me your phone number . that would be 626 555 1739 .
that would be 626 555 1739 . that is 626 555 1739 . thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir !
that is 626 555 1739 . thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir ! i need a room for a few days .
i need a room for a few days . that will not be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?
that will not be a problem . could you please tell me your name ? john sandals . that is s a n d a l s .
john sandals . that is s a n d a l s . sir , i am michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you will be here .
sir , i am michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you will be here . i will be there in april
i will be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .
friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th . we recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . do you mind , sir ?
we recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . do you mind , sir ? possibly . what is the actual price ?
possibly . what is the actual price ? the price will be $308 a night .
the price will be $308 a night . $308 ! that is not bad .
$308 ! that is not bad . very good . now , mr . sandals , about the room , smoking or nonsmoking ?
very good . now , mr . sandals , about the room , smoking or nonsmoking ? nonsmoking , definitely !
nonsmoking , definitely ! most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . now , does a queen sound okay ?
most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . now , does a queen sound okay ? yes , that will be just fine .
yes , that will be just fine . one more second , sir . your reservation is now verified , so all i need is your phone number .
one more second , sir . your reservation is now verified , so all i need is your phone number . it is 626 555 1739 .
it is 626 555 1739 . let me repeat that
let me repeat that 626 555 1739 . okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in april !
626 555 1739 . okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in april ! can i reserve a hotel room ?
can i reserve a hotel room ? i assure you , that is not a problem . what is your full name , please ?
i assure you , that is not a problem . what is your full name , please ? my name is john sandals .
my name is john sandals . it is a pleasure to assist you . please tell me when you will be needing the room , sir .
it is a pleasure to assist you . please tell me when you will be needing the room , sir . if my plans do not change , i will need a room april 14 till april 17 .
if my plans do not change , i will need a room april 14 till april 17 . sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . will that be okay ?
sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . will that be okay ? tell me how much it will be , and i can tell you if it is okay .
tell me how much it will be , and i can tell you if it is okay . only $308 per night , before taxes , of course .
only $308 per night , before taxes , of course . $308 a night ? that is a fair price .
$308 a night ? that is a fair price . now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? nonsmoking , please .
nonsmoking , please . nonsmoking . now , sir , does a single queen size bed meet your approval ?
nonsmoking . now , sir , does a single queen size bed meet your approval ? i have absolutely no problem with that .
i have absolutely no problem with that . queen , nonsmoking . okay , sir , your room is reserved . now if you will just give me your phone number .
queen , nonsmoking . okay , sir , your room is reserved . now if you will just give me your phone number . not a problem . the number is 626 555 1739 .
not a problem . the number is 626 555 1739 . thank you for making a reservation with us . we look forward to seeing you in april !
thank you for making a reservation with us . we look forward to seeing you in april ! i have a reservation . my name is john sandals .
i have a reservation . my name is john sandals . may i see your id , please , mr . sandals ?
may i see your id , please , mr . sandals ? certainly . here it is .
certainly . here it is . thank you . do you have a credit card , mr . sandals ?
thank you . do you have a credit card , mr . sandals ? yes , i do . do you accept american express ?
yes , i do . do you accept american express ? sorry , sir , just visa or mastercard .
sorry , sir , just visa or mastercard . here is my visa card .
here is my visa card . okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ?
okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ? yes , it sounds like everything i expected .
yes , it sounds like everything i expected . here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone . i have a reservation under the name of sandals .
i have a reservation under the name of sandals . could i see your id , please , sir ?
could i see your id , please , sir ? of course ! let me take it out of my wallet .
of course ! let me take it out of my wallet . thank you , sir . now , do you have a credit card , sir ?
thank you , sir . now , do you have a credit card , sir ? yes , of course . is american express okay ?
yes , of course . is american express okay ? i am sorry , sir . only visa or mastercard .
i am sorry , sir . only visa or mastercard . in that case , here is my visa .
in that case , here is my visa . thank you . your room number is 507 , queen bed , nonsmoking . is that agreeable to you , sir ?
thank you . your room number is 507 , queen bed , nonsmoking . is that agreeable to you , sir ? yes , i am easy to please .
yes , i am easy to please . very good . here is your room key , sir . if you need anything at all , please dial 0 .
very good . here is your room key , sir . if you need anything at all , please dial 0 . my name is sandals , i have a reservation .
my name is sandals , i have a reservation . may i see your identification , please , sir ?
may i see your identification , please , sir ? here you are .
here you are . thanks . do you have a credit card , sir ?
thanks . do you have a credit card , sir ? of course . will american express do ?
of course . will american express do ? i am very sorry , sir . we accept only visa or mastercard .
i am very sorry , sir . we accept only visa or mastercard . no problem . here is my visa .
no problem . here is my visa . thanks . room 507 is a spacious , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . does that meet your expectations ?
thanks . room 507 is a spacious , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . does that meet your expectations ? yes , that sounds like what i want .
yes , that sounds like what i want . that is wonderful , sir . now , here is your key . should you need anything , just dial 0 .
that is wonderful , sir . now , here is your key . should you need anything , just dial 0 . i am john sandals , and i have a reservation .
i am john sandals , and i have a reservation . would you show me your id , sir , please ?
would you show me your id , sir , please ? here you go .
here you go . thank you very much . now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
thank you very much . now , sir , do you have a credit card ? certainly ! would you like my american express card ?
certainly ! would you like my american express card ? regrettably , mr . sandals , we accept only mastercard or visa .
regrettably , mr . sandals , we accept only mastercard or visa . i thought american express was accepted everywhere . never mind . here is my visa .
i thought american express was accepted everywhere . never mind . here is my visa . thanks . you are in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . is that okay , sir ?
thanks . you are in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . is that okay , sir ? yes , that is just fine .
yes , that is just fine . i am happy to hear that . here is your key . just dial 0 if you need anything .
i am happy to hear that . here is your key . just dial 0 if you need anything . my name is john sandals , and i have got a reservation .
my name is john sandals , and i have got a reservation . may i see some identification , sir , please ?
may i see some identification , sir , please ? sure . here you are .
sure . here you are . thank you so much . have you got a credit card , mr . sandals ?
thank you so much . have you got a credit card , mr . sandals ? i sure do . how about american express ?
i sure do . how about american express ? unfortunately , at the present time we take only mastercard or visa .
unfortunately , at the present time we take only mastercard or visa . no american express ? okay , here is my visa .
no american express ? okay , here is my visa . thank you , sir . you will be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen size bed . do you approve , sir ?
thank you , sir . you will be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen size bed . do you approve , sir ? yes , that will be fine .
yes , that will be fine . that is great . this is your key , sir . if you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero .
that is great . this is your key , sir . if you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero . i have got a reservation here . my name is john sandals .
i have got a reservation here . my name is john sandals . mr . sandals , may i see your id , please ?
mr . sandals , may i see your id , please ? one second , please , while i dig it out here .
one second , please , while i dig it out here . now , sir , do you have a credit card ?
now , sir , do you have a credit card ? yes , i do . do you accept american express ?
yes , i do . do you accept american express ? i am sorry , mr . sandals , but we accept only mastercard or visa .
i am sorry , mr . sandals , but we accept only mastercard or visa . that is okay , i have got plenty of cards . here is my visa .
that is okay , i have got plenty of cards . here is my visa . okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ?
okay . you are in room 507 . it is a single queen size bed , spacious , and nonsmoking . is that suitable ? yes , that is just what i wanted .
yes , that is just what i wanted . here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone .
here is your key , sir . if you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone . i need to request a wake up call for tomorrow morning .
i need to request a wake up call for tomorrow morning . what time do you want the call ?
what time do you want the call ? i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 . we can certainly do that . expect a call from us at 7 .00 , and then again at 7 .15 .
we can certainly do that . expect a call from us at 7 .00 , and then again at 7 .15 . actually , can i change the latter wake up call to 7 .30 am ?
actually , can i change the latter wake up call to 7 .30 am ? i can certainly do that . is there anything else ?
i can certainly do that . is there anything else ? i can not think of anything . if i do think of something , i will be sure to call again .
i can not think of anything . if i do think of something , i will be sure to call again . okay . good night , sir .
okay . good night , sir . i need a wake up call tomorrow morning .
i need a wake up call tomorrow morning . of course . when would you like the call ?
of course . when would you like the call ? actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 . no problem . we will give you both calls .
no problem . we will give you both calls . do you know what , let is change the second call to 7 .30 .
do you know what , let is change the second call to 7 .30 . no problem . anything else , sir ?
no problem . anything else , sir ? not at the moment , thank you .
not at the moment , thank you . let me know if you do need anything .
let me know if you do need anything . can you give me a wake up call tomorrow ?
can you give me a wake up call tomorrow ? certainly . what time would you like us to call you ?
certainly . what time would you like us to call you ? i need two wake up calls , if you do not mind , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
i need two wake up calls , if you do not mind , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 . not a problem . we will call you tomorrow morning at 7 , and again at 7 .15 .
not a problem . we will call you tomorrow morning at 7 , and again at 7 .15 . on second thought , you had better make that second call at 7 .30 instead of 7 .15 .
on second thought , you had better make that second call at 7 .30 instead of 7 .15 . said , and done . will there be anything else ?
said , and done . will there be anything else ? no , that gets it for now , thank you .
no , that gets it for now , thank you . well , give us a call if there is anything more we can help you with .
well , give us a call if there is anything more we can help you with . tomorrow i am going to need a wake up call .
tomorrow i am going to need a wake up call . not a problem . what time shall we call you ?
not a problem . what time shall we call you ? i always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
i always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 . it will be our pleasure . we will call you at 7 and then at 7 .15 .
it will be our pleasure . we will call you at 7 and then at 7 .15 . oops , cancel that . change the second call to 7 .30 , will you , please ?
oops , cancel that . change the second call to 7 .30 , will you , please ? no sooner said than done . can i help you with anything else ?
no sooner said than done . can i help you with anything else ? no , that is about it for now .
no , that is about it for now . okay , sir . have a pleasant evening .
okay , sir . have a pleasant evening . i need a wake up call tomorrow .
i need a wake up call tomorrow . what time would you like your wake up call ?
what time would you like your wake up call ? i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 .
i need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 .15 . that is no problem at all , of course . you will get a call at 7 .00 , and another at 7 .15 .
that is no problem at all , of course . you will get a call at 7 .00 , and another at 7 .15 . then again , i think 7 .15 is too early . change 7 .15 to 7 .30 , please .
then again , i think 7 .15 is too early . change 7 .15 to 7 .30 , please . so , that will be a call at 7 and another at 7 .30 . do you have any other requests ?
so , that will be a call at 7 and another at 7 .30 . do you have any other requests ? not just now , but if i do think of something later , i will give you a ring .
not just now , but if i do think of something later , i will give you a ring . okay , sir . sleep well .
okay , sir . sleep well . i have got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake up call .
i have got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake up call . of course . we can give you a call anytime you like .
of course . we can give you a call anytime you like . actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 .
actually , i need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 .15 . your wish is our command . expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 .15 .
your wish is our command . expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 .15 . wait a minute ! i do not like 7 .15 , now that i think about it . change it to 7 .30 .
wait a minute ! i do not like 7 .15 , now that i think about it . change it to 7 .30 . the second call is now changed to 7 .30 . is there anything else we can help you with ?
the second call is now changed to 7 .30 . is there anything else we can help you with ? nothing that i can think of right now . if something comes up , though , i will call you .
nothing that i can think of right now . if something comes up , though , i will call you . we are here all night long if you need anything .
we are here all night long if you need anything . the front desk told me to ask you for sightseeing advice .
the front desk told me to ask you for sightseeing advice . of course . i had be more than happy to help . i am , after all , the hotel is concierge .
of course . i had be more than happy to help . i am , after all , the hotel is concierge . concierge ? what exactly is that ?
concierge ? what exactly is that ? we advise you on where to visit , eat , or shop during your stay here in new york .
we advise you on where to visit , eat , or shop during your stay here in new york . great ! so where should i start my sightseeing ?
great ! so where should i start my sightseeing ? the statue of liberty is always a good place to begin .
the statue of liberty is always a good place to begin . i saw the statue of liberty on my last visit here . can you recommend somewhere else ?
i saw the statue of liberty on my last visit here . can you recommend somewhere else ? hmm . what type of interests do you have ?
hmm . what type of interests do you have ? in my spare time , i really like to view art and go running .
in my spare time , i really like to view art and go running . aha ! have you been to central park or the museum of modern art ?
aha ! have you been to central park or the museum of modern art ? no , but i have heard a lot about both .
no , but i have heard a lot about both . well , central park is wonderful for running . afterwards , you should head to the museum to enjoy the art .
well , central park is wonderful for running . afterwards , you should head to the museum to enjoy the art . great ! that sounds like a plan . thanks a lot .
great ! that sounds like a plan . thanks a lot . i am sure you will have a good time there .
i am sure you will have a good time there . i was told to see you about going sightseeing .
i was told to see you about going sightseeing . it is my pleasure . i am the hotel is concierge , at your service .
it is my pleasure . i am the hotel is concierge , at your service . concierge ? could you explain that to me ?
concierge ? could you explain that to me ? we help direct hotel visitors to popular places to visit , eat , and shop .
we help direct hotel visitors to popular places to visit , eat , and shop . very good . so where shall i begin my sightseeing ?
very good . so where shall i begin my sightseeing ? i would suggest the statue of liberty .
i would suggest the statue of liberty . gee , i have already seen the statue of liberty . what about another site ?
gee , i have already seen the statue of liberty . what about another site ? let me see . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
let me see . what do you like to do in your spare time ? i really like to run . and i like art .
i really like to run . and i like art . well , there you go ! have you ever visited either central park or the museum of modern art ?
well , there you go ! have you ever visited either central park or the museum of modern art ? no , but i have been meaning to .
no , but i have been meaning to . well , central park is fantastic for running . then you can go to the museum to look at the beautiful art .
well , central park is fantastic for running . then you can go to the museum to look at the beautiful art . that sounds like a great plan . i will do that .
that sounds like a great plan . i will do that . enjoy your run and your visit !
enjoy your run and your visit ! i need some sightseeing advice .
i need some sightseeing advice . that is what i am here for , sir . every good hotel has a concierge like me .
that is what i am here for , sir . every good hotel has a concierge like me . i do not travel a lot . what exactly is a concierge ?
i do not travel a lot . what exactly is a concierge ? a concierge helps visitors like you find great places to visit , shop , and eat .
a concierge helps visitors like you find great places to visit , shop , and eat . that is great ! so tell me , where should i go first ?
that is great ! so tell me , where should i go first ? i had suggest that you start at the statue of liberty .
i had suggest that you start at the statue of liberty . you know , i have already been there . can you suggest another place ?
you know , i have already been there . can you suggest another place ? maybe . tell me what you like to do in your spare time .
maybe . tell me what you like to do in your spare time . when i have some free time , i often spend it running or at museums .
when i have some free time , i often spend it running or at museums . well , have you ever been to either central park or the museum of modern art ?
well , have you ever been to either central park or the museum of modern art ? no , but i sure would like to .
no , but i sure would like to . central park is great for just about everything outdoors . then you can visit the museum of modern art .
central park is great for just about everything outdoors . then you can visit the museum of modern art . both places sound great . i will try to do that today .
both places sound great . i will try to do that today . enjoy the views at both places .
enjoy the views at both places . i am going sightseeing , but i had like to get your advice first .
i am going sightseeing , but i had like to get your advice first . i am only too happy to help . tourists should always check with their concierge first .
i am only too happy to help . tourists should always check with their concierge first . concierge ? i am not familiar with that word .
concierge ? i am not familiar with that word . a concierge directs visitors to the city is great tourist , shopping , and eating places .
a concierge directs visitors to the city is great tourist , shopping , and eating places . that sounds great . now , is there any place that i should hit first ?
that sounds great . now , is there any place that i should hit first ? well , if you are like most people , you will want to go to the statue of liberty .
well , if you are like most people , you will want to go to the statue of liberty . i have already seen it , i loved it , but today i want to go somewhere else .
i have already seen it , i loved it , but today i want to go somewhere else . sure ! tell me about your interests .
sure ! tell me about your interests . i like to run and i like to see the works of the masters .
i like to run and i like to see the works of the masters . you will get along fabulously at central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either ?
you will get along fabulously at central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either ? no , i just have not had the opportunity .
no , i just have not had the opportunity . you will love central park for running . later on , you can go to the museum of modern art .
you will love central park for running . later on , you can go to the museum of modern art . thank you . that is what i will do .
thank you . that is what i will do . this might be the best day of your visit .
this might be the best day of your visit . i need some sightseeing advice . i was told to come to see you .
i need some sightseeing advice . i was told to come to see you . as your concierge , it is my pleasure to help you , sir .
as your concierge , it is my pleasure to help you , sir . concierge ? are we speaking english here ?
concierge ? are we speaking english here ? a concierge helps you find all the great places for visiting , shopping , and eating .
a concierge helps you find all the great places for visiting , shopping , and eating . what would you suggest that i visit first ?
what would you suggest that i visit first ? how about starting at the statue of liberty ? many people like to begin there .
how about starting at the statue of liberty ? many people like to begin there . the last time i was here , i visited the statue . so do you have another place in mind ?
the last time i was here , i visited the statue . so do you have another place in mind ? i think so . tell me what interests you .
i think so . tell me what interests you . i am big on running , although maybe i like art even more than running .
i am big on running , although maybe i like art even more than running . then you must go to central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either one ?
then you must go to central park and the museum of modern art ! have you been to either one ? no . i have not had a chance to go to either of them .
no . i have not had a chance to go to either of them . both places are usually crowded with natives and tourists . you will love the park and the museum .
both places are usually crowded with natives and tourists . you will love the park and the museum . thank you . that is great advice .
thank you . that is great advice . this might be the best day of your visit .
this might be the best day of your visit . can you give me some advice about going sightseeing ?
can you give me some advice about going sightseeing ? your concierge , sir , is the right person to ask when you need sightseeing advice .
your concierge , sir , is the right person to ask when you need sightseeing advice . what in the world is a concierge ?
what in the world is a concierge ? we direct visitors to all the great tourist , shopping , and eating spots in the city .
we direct visitors to all the great tourist , shopping , and eating spots in the city . then what would you recommend as a starting point for my sightseeing ?
then what would you recommend as a starting point for my sightseeing ? definitely the statue of liberty . i think that that is everyone is favorite first stop .
definitely the statue of liberty . i think that that is everyone is favorite first stop . actually , i have already been there twice . do you have another suggestion ?
actually , i have already been there twice . do you have another suggestion ? i think i can come up with something . how do you spend your spare time ?
i think i can come up with something . how do you spend your spare time ? i keep my body healthy by running and my mind active by visiting museums .
i keep my body healthy by running and my mind active by visiting museums . well , the museum of modern art and central park were made for you ! have you gone to either one ?
well , the museum of modern art and central park were made for you ! have you gone to either one ? no , although i have heard great things about both of them .
no , although i have heard great things about both of them . you do not want to miss either place . central park and the museum of modern art are big and beautiful .
you do not want to miss either place . central park and the museum of modern art are big and beautiful . sounds great ! i will get my running gear and then i am out of here .
sounds great ! i will get my running gear and then i am out of here . this is a day you are going to remember for a long time .
this is a day you are going to remember for a long time . i need a suggestion for a restaurant here in manhattan .
i need a suggestion for a restaurant here in manhattan . certainly ! how much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir ?
certainly ! how much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir ? my date is very sophisticated , so i am sure she would expect nothing but the best .
my date is very sophisticated , so i am sure she would expect nothing but the best . may i suggest our own hotel restaurant ? it got three stars in the latest restaurant review .
may i suggest our own hotel restaurant ? it got three stars in the latest restaurant review . no , thank you , i want to go out on the town . what other ideas do you have ?
no , thank you , i want to go out on the town . what other ideas do you have ? there is always gramercy tavern . they have live jazz . the food is delicious , but very expensive .
there is always gramercy tavern . they have live jazz . the food is delicious , but very expensive . that sounds like a good place to take a date . can you make a reservation for me ?
that sounds like a good place to take a date . can you make a reservation for me ? as you wish , sir . you will have a wonderful time there .
as you wish , sir . you will have a wonderful time there . can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ?
can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ? of course ! how much would you like to spend on your meal ?
of course ! how much would you like to spend on your meal ? my date is quite sophisticated . she would expect nothing less than the best .
my date is quite sophisticated . she would expect nothing less than the best . well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? it is conveniently located and has a three star rating .
well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? it is conveniently located and has a three star rating . that is a good idea , except i want to go out , not stay in . something else , maybe ?
that is a good idea , except i want to go out , not stay in . something else , maybe ? well , how about gramercy tavern ? it is a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music .
well , how about gramercy tavern ? it is a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music . that sounds good ! could you call them to see if i can get a reservation ?
that sounds good ! could you call them to see if i can get a reservation ? of course , sir . you have made a good choice .
of course , sir . you have made a good choice . so , now i need your help again , if you do not mind . i am taking a date to a restaurant .
so , now i need your help again , if you do not mind . i am taking a date to a restaurant . i had love to help you ! what is your budget for the dinner ?
i had love to help you ! what is your budget for the dinner ? she strikes me as being very sophisticated . only the best will do for her .
she strikes me as being very sophisticated . only the best will do for her . well , what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant ? it is very upscale , with a three star rating .
well , what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant ? it is very upscale , with a three star rating . i do not want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight . how about another restaurant ?
i do not want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight . how about another restaurant ? the gramercy tavern is highly rated . it has great food and live jazz , but it is not cheap .
the gramercy tavern is highly rated . it has great food and live jazz , but it is not cheap . yes , that sounds like a winner . would you please call them to reserve a table ?
yes , that sounds like a winner . would you please call them to reserve a table ? i am already dialing , sir .
i am already dialing , sir . i am taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ?
i am taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ? but of course ! how much are you thinking of spending on dinner ?
but of course ! how much are you thinking of spending on dinner ? she deserves nothing but the best , of course .
she deserves nothing but the best , of course . in that case , i would suggest our own hotel restaurant . the chef , the food , and the service are outstanding .
in that case , i would suggest our own hotel restaurant . the chef , the food , and the service are outstanding . i promised her i would take her out to a restaurant . do you have another one in mind ?
i promised her i would take her out to a restaurant . do you have another one in mind ? you can always go to gramercy tavern . it is quite popular , despite its expensive entrees .
you can always go to gramercy tavern . it is quite popular , despite its expensive entrees . great food and lots of patrons ? what more could i want ? please reserve a table for me .
great food and lots of patrons ? what more could i want ? please reserve a table for me . yes , sir . you are going to have a great time .
yes , sir . you are going to have a great time . i am taking my date to a restaurant . could you tell me about one or two good ones ?
i am taking my date to a restaurant . could you tell me about one or two good ones ? my pleasure ! how much would you like to spend on your date ?
my pleasure ! how much would you like to spend on your date ? she will want an excellent restaurant , of course .
she will want an excellent restaurant , of course . you should know that our hotel chef was trained in paris . the service and food are world class .
you should know that our hotel chef was trained in paris . the service and food are world class . i wanted to go out somewhere , not stay here . do you know of another good restaurant ?
i wanted to go out somewhere , not stay here . do you know of another good restaurant ? you can not go wrong with gramercy tavern . it is famous for its food , service , and live jazz .
you can not go wrong with gramercy tavern . it is famous for its food , service , and live jazz . i like that ! could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight ?
i like that ! could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight ? at once , sir . you will love this place , i assure you .
at once , sir . you will love this place , i assure you . well , i have got a date . now i need to find a restaurant . can you help me ?
well , i have got a date . now i need to find a restaurant . can you help me ? no problem , of course ! how much would you like to spend to impress the lady ?
no problem , of course ! how much would you like to spend to impress the lady ? nothing but the best for a pretty woman !
nothing but the best for a pretty woman ! sir , the restaurant you seek is right here . this hotel has a three star restaurant .
sir , the restaurant you seek is right here . this hotel has a three star restaurant . i sort of suggested that we would go out on the town . do you have another suggestion ?
i sort of suggested that we would go out on the town . do you have another suggestion ? gramercy tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant . plus , they have live jazz .
gramercy tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant . plus , they have live jazz . gramercy tavern ? i think i have heard of that before . call to get us a table , okay ?
gramercy tavern ? i think i have heard of that before . call to get us a table , okay ? right away , sir . she will be impressed with your local knowledge .
right away , sir . she will be impressed with your local knowledge . i had like to order dinner .
i had like to order dinner . what would you like ?
what would you like ? i had like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
i had like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . i am sorry . we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
i am sorry . we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ? i had prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do .
i had prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do . and may i suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
and may i suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ? normally , i would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight .
normally , i would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight . okay , no strawberries . room service will be charged to your amenities account . is that all right ?
okay , no strawberries . room service will be charged to your amenities account . is that all right ? that is fine .
that is fine . it will be up shortly . enjoy your food , sir .
it will be up shortly . enjoy your food , sir . could i order dinner ?
could i order dinner ? of course . what would you like ?
of course . what would you like ? i want a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
i want a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . i am so sorry . we ran out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
i am so sorry . we ran out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ? that is too bad , but the porterhouse will be okay .
that is too bad , but the porterhouse will be okay . may i be so bold as to suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
may i be so bold as to suggest chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ? not tonight , thank you .
not tonight , thank you . no strawberries . we will charge your amenities account , if that is okay .
no strawberries . we will charge your amenities account , if that is okay . charge it to whatever account you like .
charge it to whatever account you like . your meal will be delivered as soon as it is all ready . enjoy !
your meal will be delivered as soon as it is all ready . enjoy ! could you bring me some food , please ?
could you bring me some food , please ? sure . what do you fancy ?
sure . what do you fancy ? can i have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare ?
can i have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare ? sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . may i suggest the porterhouse ?
sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . may i suggest the porterhouse ? no filet ? okay , porterhouse will be fine then .
no filet ? okay , porterhouse will be fine then . perhaps you would like chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
perhaps you would like chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ? not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion .
not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion . okay . this will be charged to your amenities account , okay ?
okay . this will be charged to your amenities account , okay ? no problem .
no problem . your food will be brought to you momentarily . i hope you enjoy it .
your food will be brought to you momentarily . i hope you enjoy it . i had like you to bring me some food .
i had like you to bring me some food . just name it , sir .
just name it , sir . please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . regrettably , we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
regrettably , we are currently out of filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ? sure , i love porterhouse , too .
sure , i love porterhouse , too . would you be interested in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
would you be interested in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ? i had love to , but i am allergic to strawberries .
i had love to , but i am allergic to strawberries . okay , no strawberries tonight . the items will be charged to your amenities account .
okay , no strawberries tonight . the items will be charged to your amenities account . go right ahead .
go right ahead . our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible .
our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible . i need something to eat , please .
i need something to eat , please . tell me what you are hungry for .
tell me what you are hungry for . i feel like champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare .
i feel like champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . unfortunately , we are out of filet mignon at the moment . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
unfortunately , we are out of filet mignon at the moment . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ? i prefer filet , but porterhouse is good , too .
i prefer filet , but porterhouse is good , too . perhaps i could interest you in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ?
perhaps i could interest you in chocolate covered strawberries with the champagne ? just the champagne will be fine , thank you .
just the champagne will be fine , thank you . you will see this charge on your amenities account .
you will see this charge on your amenities account . that is fine .
that is fine . it will not be long until your food is delivered . i know you will enjoy it .
it will not be long until your food is delivered . i know you will enjoy it . can i order something from the kitchen ?
can i order something from the kitchen ? just tell me what you had like , please .
just tell me what you had like , please . a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot .
a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot . i hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ?
i hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . may i suggest the porterhouse instead ? sure ! right now , i would even eat hamburger !
sure ! right now , i would even eat hamburger ! have you ever tried chocolate covered strawberries with champagne ?
have you ever tried chocolate covered strawberries with champagne ? thank you , but i just finished eating some chocolate covered cherries .
thank you , but i just finished eating some chocolate covered cherries . that will be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account .
that will be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account . not a problem .
not a problem . please call if you have any other requests . your food will be delivered promptly .
please call if you have any other requests . your food will be delivered promptly . i have a little problem with room 507 .
i have a little problem with room 507 . what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?
what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ? i found cockroaches in my room .
i found cockroaches in my room . cockroaches , sir ? that is unbelievable .
cockroaches , sir ? that is unbelievable . i have seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room .
i have seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room . sir , are you sure you have not seen the same silverfish nine times ?
sir , are you sure you have not seen the same silverfish nine times ? there are nine cockroaches in my room . i do not have time for your disbelief !
there are nine cockroaches in my room . i do not have time for your disbelief ! i apologize . one moment , please , while i transfer you to my supervisor .
i apologize . one moment , please , while i transfer you to my supervisor . i am in 507 . i have a few problems with my room .
i am in 507 . i have a few problems with my room . what is that problem , sir ?
what is that problem , sir ? there are cockroaches in my room .
there are cockroaches in my room . are you sure , sir ? flies i could believe , but cockroaches ?
are you sure , sir ? flies i could believe , but cockroaches ? i have counted nine different cockroaches , and i accidentally stepped on another one .
i have counted nine different cockroaches , and i accidentally stepped on another one . sir , we run a spotless and cockroach less hotel .
sir , we run a spotless and cockroach less hotel . you dare to doubt me ?
you dare to doubt me ? i am sorry , sir . let me transfer you to my supervisor .
i am sorry , sir . let me transfer you to my supervisor . there is a big problem with my room . i am in 507 .
there is a big problem with my room . i am in 507 . would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir ?
would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir ? i have cockroaches crawling in my room .
i have cockroaches crawling in my room . perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir .
perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir . i have seen nine more cockroaches than i wanted to see .
i have seen nine more cockroaches than i wanted to see . sir , you have not been drinking by any chance , have you ?
sir , you have not been drinking by any chance , have you ? how dare you question my statement !
how dare you question my statement ! forgive me . you are 100 percent correct . allow me to transfer you to my supervisor .
forgive me . you are 100 percent correct . allow me to transfer you to my supervisor . there is a major problem with room 507 .
there is a major problem with room 507 . i am sorry to hear that . please tell me the exact problem .
i am sorry to hear that . please tell me the exact problem . this room is overrun with cockroaches .
this room is overrun with cockroaches . there has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel , sir .
there has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel , sir . i stopped counting at nine .
i stopped counting at nine . sir , this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors .
sir , this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors . your inspector needs spectacles . the fact is that cockroaches are running rampant .
your inspector needs spectacles . the fact is that cockroaches are running rampant . i apologize , sir . just a second , while i transfer you to my supervisor .
i apologize , sir . just a second , while i transfer you to my supervisor . i am in 507 , and i have a big problem .
i am in 507 , and i have a big problem . i am so sorry . kindly tell me what the problem is , sir .
i am so sorry . kindly tell me what the problem is , sir . everywhere i look , i see cockroaches .
everywhere i look , i see cockroaches . perhaps you could look again , sir , to double check .
perhaps you could look again , sir , to double check . the next cockroach i see will be number ten .
the next cockroach i see will be number ten . mr . sandals , i have worked here five years without seeing one cockroach .
mr . sandals , i have worked here five years without seeing one cockroach . i have already suffered enough without listening anymore to you !
i have already suffered enough without listening anymore to you ! you are right , sir . please let me transfer you to my supervisor .
you are right , sir . please let me transfer you to my supervisor . i have a little problem with room 507 .
i have a little problem with room 507 . problems are what we are here for , sir . please tell me your problem .
problems are what we are here for , sir . please tell me your problem . this room is filthy with cockroaches .
this room is filthy with cockroaches . were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them , sir ?
were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them , sir ? i have already seen nine of them and , as they say , eight is enough !
i have already seen nine of them and , as they say , eight is enough ! sir , sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots .
sir , sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots . you are not in a position to question my vision or my statement !
you are not in a position to question my vision or my statement ! i am very sorry , sir . will you please hold while i transfer you to my supervisor ?
i am very sorry , sir . will you please hold while i transfer you to my supervisor ? i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight !
i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight ! and the problem is , sir ?
and the problem is , sir ? cockroaches have taken over my room !
cockroaches have taken over my room ! my apologies , sir . we will give you a new room and refund the value of your current room .
my apologies , sir . we will give you a new room and refund the value of your current room . thank you . i want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others .
thank you . i want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others . we always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible .
we always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible . i want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight .
i want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight . i am sorry , sir . exactly what is the problem ?
i am sorry , sir . exactly what is the problem ? i am knee deep in cockroaches !
i am knee deep in cockroaches ! i am so sorry , sir . we will give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also .
i am so sorry , sir . we will give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also . thank you . i am glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact .
thank you . i am glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact . sir , we always try to please our guests .
sir , we always try to please our guests . i am quite upset ! i want a new room and a refund for tonight .
i am quite upset ! i want a new room and a refund for tonight . forgive me , sir , i have not been told what the problem is .
forgive me , sir , i have not been told what the problem is . i am about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches !
i am about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches ! my apologies , sir . we will transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund .
my apologies , sir . we will transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund . thank you . i did not want to have to take this to court .
thank you . i did not want to have to take this to court . sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy .
sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy . this room is unacceptable . i want a new one , and i want a refund for tonight .
this room is unacceptable . i want a new one , and i want a refund for tonight . would you please tell me the exact problem , sir ?
would you please tell me the exact problem , sir ? i am being attacked by hordes of cockroaches !
i am being attacked by hordes of cockroaches ! oh , my gosh , they are back ? another room at once , sir , plus a full refund , of course .
oh , my gosh , they are back ? another room at once , sir , plus a full refund , of course . thank you very much . this has been a most unsettling experience .
thank you very much . this has been a most unsettling experience . sir , our guests are our reason for being .
sir , our guests are our reason for being . this room is unfit for humans . i want another room , and i want a refund for tonight .
this room is unfit for humans . i want another room , and i want a refund for tonight . perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir .
perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir . in a word , cockroaches !
in a word , cockroaches ! oh , no , are they back ? i will give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight .
oh , no , are they back ? i will give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight . thank you . i am glad that you do not believe that your guests are liars .
thank you . i am glad that you do not believe that your guests are liars . sir , without happy guests , we are nothing .
sir , without happy guests , we are nothing . i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight !
i want to change rooms . in fact , i want a refund for tonight ! if you tell me the exact problem , i can be more helpful .
if you tell me the exact problem , i can be more helpful . cockroaches have declared war on my room !
cockroaches have declared war on my room ! allow me to apologize . i will give you another room right now , and a full refund for tonight .
allow me to apologize . i will give you another room right now , and a full refund for tonight . thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence .
thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence . sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do .
sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do . excuse me . does this hotel have a fitness facility ?
excuse me . does this hotel have a fitness facility ? yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness .
yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness . where is your fitness facility located ?
where is your fitness facility located ? the gym is just below the lobby . take the elevator or the stairs . you can not miss it .
the gym is just below the lobby . take the elevator or the stairs . you can not miss it . is there an additional surcharge for the gym ?
is there an additional surcharge for the gym ? no , the gym is free to guests . take your room key , however , so you can get in .
no , the gym is free to guests . take your room key , however , so you can get in . what time is the gym open , and what time does it close ?
what time is the gym open , and what time does it close ? the gym is open seven days a week , twenty four hours a day .
the gym is open seven days a week , twenty four hours a day . do you offer trainer services along with the gym ?
do you offer trainer services along with the gym ? unfortunately , no . if you want a trainer , you will have to use another gym .
unfortunately , no . if you want a trainer , you will have to use another gym . pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?
pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ? yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests' needs , including fitness .
yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests' needs , including fitness . great ! where is it ?
great ! where is it ? sir , the gym is just below the lobby . you can take the elevator or the stairs .
sir , the gym is just below the lobby . you can take the elevator or the stairs . do i have to pay extra ?
do i have to pay extra ? no , sir . it is gratis . just take your room key so you can get in .
no , sir . it is gratis . just take your room key so you can get in . what are the gym hours ?
what are the gym hours ? you will be happy to know that it is open 24/7 .
you will be happy to know that it is open 24/7 . great ! is a trainer available ?
great ! is a trainer available ? i am sorry , but no . we used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident .
i am sorry , but no . we used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident . does this hotel have an exercise facility ?
does this hotel have an exercise facility ? but of course ! we have a great exercise facility .
but of course ! we have a great exercise facility . good . now exactly where is it ?
good . now exactly where is it ? it is located right under our lobby . just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down .
it is located right under our lobby . just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down . is this going to cost me anything ?
is this going to cost me anything ? no , sir . the gym is absolutely free . however , be sure to take your room key with you .
no , sir . the gym is absolutely free . however , be sure to take your room key with you . when does the gym open and close ?
when does the gym open and close ? the hours could not be better , 24/7 .
the hours could not be better , 24/7 . very good . now , is there a trainer down there ?
very good . now , is there a trainer down there ? i wish i could tell you yes , but no , there is not .
i wish i could tell you yes , but no , there is not . do you have a place where i can exercise ?
do you have a place where i can exercise ? yes , sir . we have a fine exercise facility .
yes , sir . we have a fine exercise facility . i am happy to hear that . now , would you tell me where it is ?
i am happy to hear that . now , would you tell me where it is ? you are actually standing above it . just take the elevator or stairs down one level .
you are actually standing above it . just take the elevator or stairs down one level . is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use ?
is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use ? no , sir . there is no extra charge . all you need is your room key to open the door .
no , sir . there is no extra charge . all you need is your room key to open the door . and the gym hours are ?
and the gym hours are ? sir , you will be pleased to know that our gym never closes .
sir , you will be pleased to know that our gym never closes . one more question
one more question do you have a trainer ?
do you have a trainer ? we might be getting one in the near future . but at the present time , no .
we might be getting one in the near future . but at the present time , no . excuse me . do you happen to have a gym here ?
excuse me . do you happen to have a gym here ? yes , sir . i think you will find our gym quite satisfactory .
yes , sir . i think you will find our gym quite satisfactory . so , where do i go to exercise ?
so , where do i go to exercise ? it is only one flight down , sir . just take the elevator or the stairs .
it is only one flight down , sir . just take the elevator or the stairs . am i going to be charged extra for using the gym ?
am i going to be charged extra for using the gym ? sir , you can use the gym for free . all you need is your room key .
sir , you can use the gym for free . all you need is your room key . great ! now tell me , what are the hours of this gym ?
great ! now tell me , what are the hours of this gym ? sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week .
sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week . do you have a trainer to help me work out ?
do you have a trainer to help me work out ? i am sorry , sir , but we have no trainer .
i am sorry , sir , but we have no trainer . i had like to request some more amenities .
i had like to request some more amenities . amenities ? what do you mean by amenities , sir ?
amenities ? what do you mean by amenities , sir ? the free stuff , you know , the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc .
the free stuff , you know , the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc . i see . sir , if i may ask
i see . sir , if i may ask have you used up all the amenities in your room ?
have you used up all the amenities in your room ? not at all . i still have enough for the next few days .
not at all . i still have enough for the next few days . then what is the problem , sir ?
then what is the problem , sir ? i need some to keep as souvenirs !
i need some to keep as souvenirs ! souvenirs ?
souvenirs ? yes , souvenirs . trinkets to remember my trip by !
yes , souvenirs . trinkets to remember my trip by ! we do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir .
we do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir . that is not the same . i never pay for hotel souvenirs !
that is not the same . i never pay for hotel souvenirs ! i will call housekeeping . someone will be up with more amenities shortly .
i will call housekeeping . someone will be up with more amenities shortly . i need more amenities , please .
i need more amenities , please . could you be a little more specific , sir ?
could you be a little more specific , sir ? to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo .
to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . i understand . now , you are saying that you have already used up all your amenities ?
i understand . now , you are saying that you have already used up all your amenities ? no ! i have got all i need for my stay here .
no ! i have got all i need for my stay here . so , what is the problem ?
so , what is the problem ? i need souvenirs !
i need souvenirs ! you want some souvenirs !
you want some souvenirs ! yes , yes . souvenirs .
yes , yes . souvenirs . but , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
but , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . that is not the same thing . if you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
that is not the same thing . if you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value . i understand , sir . i will call housekeeping . you will have your souvenirs shortly .
i understand , sir . i will call housekeeping . you will have your souvenirs shortly . how do i get more amenities ?
how do i get more amenities ? i am sorry , sir . i am not sure i understand .
i am sorry , sir . i am not sure i understand . i am talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
i am talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . oh , i see . so , you are saying that you have already run out of your amenities .
oh , i see . so , you are saying that you have already run out of your amenities . no , no . i have got plenty left .
no , no . i have got plenty left . now i am confused again ! what is the problem ?
now i am confused again ! what is the problem ? what am i going to do about souvenirs ?
what am i going to do about souvenirs ? oh , i get it ! you want souvenirs !
oh , i get it ! you want souvenirs ! yes , i have got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
yes , i have got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount . please ! free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
please ! free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs . i understand completely , sir . housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
i understand completely , sir . housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment . yes , i need more amenities .
yes , i need more amenities . by amenities , exactly what do you mean , please ?
by amenities , exactly what do you mean , please ? you know , the things that are free , like the soap and the shampoo .
you know , the things that are free , like the soap and the shampoo . okay , i got it . you have already run out of all your amenities ?
okay , i got it . you have already run out of all your amenities ? no , i still have plenty left , even if i took three baths a day .
no , i still have plenty left , even if i took three baths a day . i am more confused now than before . how is there a problem ?
i am more confused now than before . how is there a problem ? i need to take home some souvenirs !
i need to take home some souvenirs ! okay , finally i understand . you would like souvenirs !
okay , finally i understand . you would like souvenirs ! yes , souvenirs that i can take home and add to my collection .
yes , souvenirs that i can take home and add to my collection . if it is souvenirs you want , sir , just visit our souvenir shop . it has everything .
if it is souvenirs you want , sir , just visit our souvenir shop . it has everything . are you kidding ? whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs ?
are you kidding ? whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs ? no problem at all , sir . housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit .
no problem at all , sir . housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit . i need some more amenities , please .
i need some more amenities , please . i am not sure i am following you , sir .
i am not sure i am following you , sir . specifically , i am talking about the little things , like soap and shampoo .
specifically , i am talking about the little things , like soap and shampoo . oh , now i understand ! so , you have already used up all your amenities ?
oh , now i understand ! so , you have already used up all your amenities ? no , i am not even halfway through my supply .
no , i am not even halfway through my supply . i am losing you , sir . what is the problem ?
i am losing you , sir . what is the problem ? what is the use of going to a hotel if you do not take home souvenirs ?
what is the use of going to a hotel if you do not take home souvenirs ? okay , i got it . you are collecting souvenirs !
okay , i got it . you are collecting souvenirs ! there you go . my friends expect me to bring home souvenirs .
there you go . my friends expect me to bring home souvenirs . have you visited our souvenir shop , sir ? it is loaded with all kinds of items .
have you visited our souvenir shop , sir ? it is loaded with all kinds of items . i have never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life , and i do not intend to start now .
i have never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life , and i do not intend to start now . sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily .
sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily . i need to copy a document immediately .
i need to copy a document immediately . we have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor .
we have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor . great ! how much is it for a copy ?
great ! how much is it for a copy ? the price per copy is ten cents .
the price per copy is ten cents . that sounds reasonable . i will be down there immediately .
that sounds reasonable . i will be down there immediately . there should not be any long lines , sir .
there should not be any long lines , sir . i need to copy something right now .
i need to copy something right now . our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .
our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir . great ! how much per copy ?
great ! how much per copy ? sir , one copy is ten cents .
sir , one copy is ten cents . i will be down there shortly .
i will be down there shortly . you probably will not have to wait for anyone , sir .
you probably will not have to wait for anyone , sir . i need to make a copy of something at once .
i need to make a copy of something at once . there is a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir .
there is a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir . fantastic ! is there a charge ?
fantastic ! is there a charge ? it is ten cents a copy , sir .
it is ten cents a copy , sir . i am only making one copy , so i guess i can afford it .
i am only making one copy , so i guess i can afford it . a dime is still a bargain , sir .
a dime is still a bargain , sir . i need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible .
i need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible . no problem , sir . there is a copy machine in our computer lab .
no problem , sir . there is a copy machine in our computer lab . very good . how much does each copy cost ?
very good . how much does each copy cost ? each copy will cost you a dime , sir .
each copy will cost you a dime , sir . a dime ? i remember when copies used to cost a nickel .
a dime ? i remember when copies used to cost a nickel . there are not many things you can get for a nickel , sir .
there are not many things you can get for a nickel , sir . i need a doctor immediately !
i need a doctor immediately ! sir , is everything all right ?
sir , is everything all right ? my wife just collapsed on the floor !
my wife just collapsed on the floor ! sir , i need you to calm down . take deep breaths .
sir , i need you to calm down . take deep breaths . i am sorry . it is just that my wife . i need the emergency room .
i am sorry . it is just that my wife . i need the emergency room . sir , i am dialing 911 on another line .
sir , i am dialing 911 on another line . what is taking you so long ?
what is taking you so long ? i am transferring you right now . just remain calm .
i am transferring you right now . just remain calm . help me ! i need a doctor !
help me ! i need a doctor ! what is the problem , sir ?
what is the problem , sir ? my wife is on the floor !
my wife is on the floor ! sir , please calm down . take a deep breath .
sir , please calm down . take a deep breath . i need some help , right now !
i need some help , right now ! sir , i am going to put you through to 911 .
sir , i am going to put you through to 911 . hurry , please !
hurry , please ! i am transferring you right now , sir .
i am transferring you right now , sir . i need a doctor right now !
i need a doctor right now ! tell me the problem , sir .
tell me the problem , sir . my wife just passed out !
my wife just passed out ! sir , it is difficult to understand you . please take a deep breath and calm down .
sir , it is difficult to understand you . please take a deep breath and calm down . do not tell me to calm down ! my wife is passed out !
do not tell me to calm down ! my wife is passed out ! i am getting 911 on another line , sir .
i am getting 911 on another line , sir . okay , but hurry .
okay , but hurry . stay calm , sir , and talk clearly .
stay calm , sir , and talk clearly . get a doctor here , immediately !
get a doctor here , immediately ! what is the problem , sir ?
what is the problem , sir ? my wife is on the floor , she is unconscious !
my wife is on the floor , she is unconscious ! sir , could you calm down a little bit , please ?
sir , could you calm down a little bit , please ? calm down ? ! my wife is unconscious , and you are telling me to calm down ? !
calm down ? ! my wife is unconscious , and you are telling me to calm down ? ! hold on just a second , sir . i am dialing 911 .
hold on just a second , sir . i am dialing 911 . hurry up , please .
hurry up , please . i am connecting you now , sir .
i am connecting you now , sir . a doctor ! i need a doctor !
a doctor ! i need a doctor ! give me some details , sir .
give me some details , sir . something is wrong with my wife . she is lying on the floor .
something is wrong with my wife . she is lying on the floor . sir , if you do not calm down , you might have a stroke yourself .
sir , if you do not calm down , you might have a stroke yourself . you are right , i am beside myself with worry .
you are right , i am beside myself with worry . hold on , sir . i am connecting you with 911 .
hold on , sir . i am connecting you with 911 . time is critical . hurry up !
time is critical . hurry up ! i hope everything turns out well , sir . here is 911 .
i hope everything turns out well , sir . here is 911 . i had like to order broadband internet for my laptop .
i had like to order broadband internet for my laptop . just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options . i do not have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .
i do not have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service . that is too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .
that is too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them . yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .
yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives . we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .
we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor . very good . how much does that cost ?
very good . how much does that cost ? the service is free to hotel patrons . however , printing costs ten cents per page .
the service is free to hotel patrons . however , printing costs ten cents per page . i see . and the other alternatives ?
i see . and the other alternatives ? alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . you can bring your laptop down here .
alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . you can bring your laptop down here . great ! what if i need to print something in the lobby ?
great ! what if i need to print something in the lobby ? you would have to use the computer lab . i am sorry for the inconvenience .
you would have to use the computer lab . i am sorry for the inconvenience . i need broadband for my computer .
i need broadband for my computer . no problem . just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you are good to go .
no problem . just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you are good to go . that is a problem . my laptop has no ethernet port , it is wireless only .
that is a problem . my laptop has no ethernet port , it is wireless only . hmm . well , we have some alternatives , if you are interested .
hmm . well , we have some alternatives , if you are interested . go ahead . i am all ears .
go ahead . i am all ears . we have a computer lab on the first floor .
we have a computer lab on the first floor . that is great ! how much is it ?
that is great ! how much is it ? it is absolutely free to guests . except for printing , of course .
it is absolutely free to guests . except for printing , of course . what about the other alternatives ?
what about the other alternatives ? you could use your wireless right here in our lobby .
you could use your wireless right here in our lobby . yes , that is the ticket ! and if i need to print something there ?
yes , that is the ticket ! and if i need to print something there ? well , we do not have a printer in the lobby yet . you will have to use the lab .
well , we do not have a printer in the lobby yet . you will have to use the lab . i had like to get busy on my computer , but i need some broadband .
i had like to get busy on my computer , but i need some broadband . there is an ethernet cable in your room . just plug it into the back of your laptop .
there is an ethernet cable in your room . just plug it into the back of your laptop . i can not use ethernet . my computer is wireless only .
i can not use ethernet . my computer is wireless only . that is okay . i can tell you about some alternatives we have .
that is okay . i can tell you about some alternatives we have . any alternative that works will be great .
any alternative that works will be great . well , there is our computer lab on the first floor .
well , there is our computer lab on the first floor . that sounds good . what is the charge ?
that sounds good . what is the charge ? the lab and the computers are no charge , but you have to pay for whatever you print .
the lab and the computers are no charge , but you have to pay for whatever you print . that sounds good . now , how about the other alternatives ?
that sounds good . now , how about the other alternatives ? of course . our lobby is set up for wireless , so just bring your computer down here .
of course . our lobby is set up for wireless , so just bring your computer down here . use my laptop in the lobby ? that is great ! now , if i need to print something there ?
use my laptop in the lobby ? that is great ! now , if i need to print something there ? they plan to install a printer here . but until then , you will have to use the lab .
they plan to install a printer here . but until then , you will have to use the lab . i can not get going on my computer until i get a broadband hookup .
i can not get going on my computer until i get a broadband hookup . just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be off and running .
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be off and running . that would be okay if i had an ethernet port . unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only .
that would be okay if i had an ethernet port . unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only . in that case , let me tell you about some alternatives .
in that case , let me tell you about some alternatives . anything to get me up and running .
anything to get me up and running . for starters , we have a computer lab .
for starters , we have a computer lab . fantastic ! what do i have to pay per hour ?
fantastic ! what do i have to pay per hour ? the lab is completely free . but you do have to pay a dime a page for printing .
the lab is completely free . but you do have to pay a dime a page for printing . that is fine . now tell me about the other alternatives .
that is fine . now tell me about the other alternatives . just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . we are set up for wireless right here .
just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . we are set up for wireless right here . great ! i like that suggestion , but what if i need to print something there ?
great ! i like that suggestion , but what if i need to print something there ? unfortunately , you will have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs .
unfortunately , you will have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs . how do i get online with my laptop ?
how do i get online with my laptop ? just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be online in a heartbeat .
just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and you will be online in a heartbeat . i see the cable . but my computer runs on wireless only .
i see the cable . but my computer runs on wireless only . no problem . i will tell you about our alternatives .
no problem . i will tell you about our alternatives . yes , i had love to hear what the alternatives are .
yes , i had love to hear what the alternatives are . our state of the art computer lab is on the first floor .
our state of the art computer lab is on the first floor . great ! but is it free ?
great ! but is it free ? sir , the computers are free to guests , but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee .
sir , the computers are free to guests , but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee . you said there were other alternatives ?
you said there were other alternatives ? just use your computer here in the lobby . it is set up for wireless .
just use your computer here in the lobby . it is set up for wireless . that sounds like a winner . now if i need to print something in the lobby ?
that sounds like a winner . now if i need to print something in the lobby ? we might have a printer here next month . but for now , you will have to go to the lab .
we might have a printer here next month . but for now , you will have to go to the lab . i had like to order a restock on my minibar .
i had like to order a restock on my minibar . you finished everything in there , sir ?
you finished everything in there , sir ? absolutely everything .
absolutely everything . what would you like to order ?
what would you like to order ? three bottles each of perrier and jim beam .
three bottles each of perrier and jim beam . uh huh . what else do you want ?
uh huh . what else do you want ? the apples were great . could you bring a couple more up ?
the apples were great . could you bring a couple more up ? no problem . is there anything else i can get for you ?
no problem . is there anything else i can get for you ? some grape juice would also be nice .
some grape juice would also be nice . i will get all of that for you right away . someone should be up shortly .
i will get all of that for you right away . someone should be up shortly . i need my minibar restocked .
i need my minibar restocked . everything is gone , sir ?
everything is gone , sir ? there is not a drop left of anything .
there is not a drop left of anything . is there anything in particular you had like ?
is there anything in particular you had like ? yes , the perrier and the jim beam hit the spot . let me have three more of each .
yes , the perrier and the jim beam hit the spot . let me have three more of each . got it . anything else ?
got it . anything else ? i really liked the apples . bring me a couple of apples , please .
i really liked the apples . bring me a couple of apples , please . not a problem . anything else ?
not a problem . anything else ? yes , one more thing some grape juice .
yes , one more thing some grape juice . someone will be up shortly with your order , sir .
someone will be up shortly with your order , sir . my minibar is empty .
my minibar is empty . you already finished off everything , sir ?
you already finished off everything , sir ? i finished off everything .
i finished off everything . would you like anything in particular ?
would you like anything in particular ? the perrier and the jim beam . let me have three more of each .
the perrier and the jim beam . let me have three more of each . beam and perrier . anything else , sir ?
beam and perrier . anything else , sir ? i really loved the apples in my room . bring me a few more , please .
i really loved the apples in my room . bring me a few more , please . sure thing . might there by anything else ?
sure thing . might there by anything else ? yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too .
yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too . perrier , jim beam , apples , and grape juice . it will all be there shortly , sir .
perrier , jim beam , apples , and grape juice . it will all be there shortly , sir . how do i restock my minibar ?
how do i restock my minibar ? you have drunk everything , sir ?
you have drunk everything , sir ? i finished it all .
i finished it all . do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items ?
do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items ? send me up three bottles each of perrier and jim beam .
send me up three bottles each of perrier and jim beam . that is three jim beams and three perriers . anything else , sir ?
that is three jim beams and three perriers . anything else , sir ? the apples in my room were delicious . bring me a few more , please .
the apples in my room were delicious . bring me a few more , please . okay . are you sure there is not anything else ?
okay . are you sure there is not anything else ? you know , some grape juice would be really nice , too .
you know , some grape juice would be really nice , too . be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door .
be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door . my minibar is completely empty .
my minibar is completely empty . everything in that minibar has been consumed , sir ?
everything in that minibar has been consumed , sir ? everything is gone .
everything is gone . is there anything special you had like ?
is there anything special you had like ? just bring me three bottles each of jim beam and perrier .
just bring me three bottles each of jim beam and perrier . okay , sir . three of each . would you like anything else ?
okay , sir . three of each . would you like anything else ? the fruit basket was great . i need a few more apples , please .
the fruit basket was great . i need a few more apples , please . perrier , jim beam , and apples . is that it for now ?
perrier , jim beam , and apples . is that it for now ? yes , one last thing
yes , one last thing i could use some grape juice .
i could use some grape juice . your order will be brought to you momentarily , sir .
your order will be brought to you momentarily , sir . is there a swimming pool in this hotel ?
is there a swimming pool in this hotel ? we do not have a full sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations .
we do not have a full sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations . what exactly does that mean ?
what exactly does that mean ? basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim .
basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim . that sounds really neat . is there an extra charge for these swim stations ?
that sounds really neat . is there an extra charge for these swim stations ? if you are a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations .
if you are a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations . are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym ?
are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym ? to conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7 .00 a .m . till 10 .00 p .m .
to conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7 .00 a .m . till 10 .00 p .m . i will go down there as soon as i can !
i will go down there as soon as i can ! i do not think you will be disappointed . people really seem to like the swim stations .
i do not think you will be disappointed . people really seem to like the swim stations . does this hotel have a pool ?
does this hotel have a pool ? i am sorry , sir , we do not have one . however , in our gym , we do have swim stations .
i am sorry , sir , we do not have one . however , in our gym , we do have swim stations . i am not sure i understand .
i am not sure i understand . think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current .
think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current . cool . what will they think of next ? how much are they ?
cool . what will they think of next ? how much are they ? sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations .
sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations . excellent ! now what are the hours ?
excellent ! now what are the hours ? the gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m . only .
the gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m . only . i am going to change into my trunks right now !
i am going to change into my trunks right now ! i think you will like the experience , sir . it is a great workout .
i think you will like the experience , sir . it is a great workout . do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ?
do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? we do not have a pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym .
we do not have a pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . i never heard of a swim station . is that like a train or bus station ?
i never heard of a swim station . is that like a train or bus station ? it is just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
it is just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . holy cow ! i never heard of such a thing . how much do they cost ?
holy cow ! i never heard of such a thing . how much do they cost ? as a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
as a guest , sir , you pay nothing . this sounds better every second . now , when can i use the stations ?
this sounds better every second . now , when can i use the stations ? if you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m .
if you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m . oh , boy ! this is going to be great . i am going to the gym right now !
oh , boy ! this is going to be great . i am going to the gym right now ! i am sure you will enjoy your workout , sir . everyone seems to like the swim stations .
i am sure you will enjoy your workout , sir . everyone seems to like the swim stations . i think i have looked everywhere , but i have not seen a swimming pool here .
i think i have looked everywhere , but i have not seen a swimming pool here . this hotel has no full size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
this hotel has no full size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym . swim stations ? whoever heard of such a thing ?
swim stations ? whoever heard of such a thing ? you swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill .
you swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill . all that exercise in a little pool ! do i have to pay anything ?
all that exercise in a little pool ! do i have to pay anything ? the swim stations are available to all guests for no charge .
the swim stations are available to all guests for no charge . very good . now can you tell me the hours of operation ?
very good . now can you tell me the hours of operation ? they are available anytime between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m , seven days a week .
they are available anytime between 7 a .m . and 10 p .m , seven days a week . wow ! i can not wait to change into my trunks !
wow ! i can not wait to change into my trunks ! the swim stations are very popular , sir . i hope you do not find a line down there .
the swim stations are very popular , sir . i hope you do not find a line down there . i have been looking for a swimming pool , but i have not found one yet .
i have been looking for a swimming pool , but i have not found one yet . we have no pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in our gym .
we have no pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in our gym . swim stations ? could you be a little more explicit ?
swim stations ? could you be a little more explicit ? you know how you run on a treadmill but do not go anywhere ? well , it is the same thing .
you know how you run on a treadmill but do not go anywhere ? well , it is the same thing . gee , that is a great idea . now , how much do i have to pay ?
gee , that is a great idea . now , how much do i have to pay ? the stations are absolutely free to guests , sir .
the stations are absolutely free to guests , sir . great ! now , when can i go down there and use the stations ?
great ! now , when can i go down there and use the stations ? the swim stations are open daily from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m .
the swim stations are open daily from 7 a .m . to 10 p .m . boy , oh boy ! i can not wait to change into my swim trunks .
boy , oh boy ! i can not wait to change into my swim trunks . be warned , sir . at certain hours the swim stations are very crowded .
be warned , sir . at certain hours the swim stations are very crowded . i need to get a taxi .
i need to get a taxi . we have a variety of transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi ?
we have a variety of transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi ? no , that will not be necessary . i just need a taxi .
no , that will not be necessary . i just need a taxi . perhaps you had prefer a limousine . that is such a stylish way to travel .
perhaps you had prefer a limousine . that is such a stylish way to travel . just a taxi , please .
just a taxi , please . and what is your destination ?
and what is your destination ? i am going to rockefeller center .
i am going to rockefeller center . i see . what time do you want to depart from the hotel ?
i see . what time do you want to depart from the hotel ? i want to leave as soon as possible .
i want to leave as soon as possible . okay , a taxi will arrive in seconds , sir .
okay , a taxi will arrive in seconds , sir . thank you , i am coming down now .
thank you , i am coming down now . it will not be but a few seconds , sir .
it will not be but a few seconds , sir . i need a taxi , please .
i need a taxi , please . we have various transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle ?
we have various transportation services . would you prefer a private vehicle ? no , thanks . a taxi is just fine .
no , thanks . a taxi is just fine . may i suggest a limo ? it is nice to pamper yourself once in a while .
may i suggest a limo ? it is nice to pamper yourself once in a while . i do not want anything except a taxi , thank you .
i do not want anything except a taxi , thank you . i understand . and where will you be going ?
i understand . and where will you be going ? rockefeller center .
rockefeller center . and what time would you like to be picked up ?
and what time would you like to be picked up ? the sooner the better .
the sooner the better . a taxi will be here shortly , sir .
a taxi will be here shortly , sir . great ! and remember , a taxi , not a limo .
great ! and remember , a taxi , not a limo . a taxi it is , sir .
a taxi it is , sir . can you get me a taxi ?
can you get me a taxi ? we offer various types of transportation . perhaps you had like to upgrade to a private vehicle ?
we offer various types of transportation . perhaps you had like to upgrade to a private vehicle ? thanks , but no thanks . a taxi will do just fine .
thanks , but no thanks . a taxi will do just fine . in that case , how about a limo ? then you can travel in style .
in that case , how about a limo ? then you can travel in style . no , i hate limousines . they are gas guzzlers .
no , i hate limousines . they are gas guzzlers . got it , sir . where would you like the taxi to take you ?
got it , sir . where would you like the taxi to take you ? my destination is rockefeller center .
my destination is rockefeller center . what time do you want to leave the hotel ?
what time do you want to leave the hotel ? as soon as possible .
as soon as possible . i will call the taxi immediately , sir .
i will call the taxi immediately , sir . i am coming downstairs now .
i am coming downstairs now . a brand new taxi is pulling up now , sir .
a brand new taxi is pulling up now , sir . i am going to need a taxi .
i am going to need a taxi . you do not have to restrict yourself to a taxi . we can offer you a private vehicle .
you do not have to restrict yourself to a taxi . we can offer you a private vehicle . a private vehicle , huh ? no , a taxi is okay .
a private vehicle , huh ? no , a taxi is okay . some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi .
some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi . no , i would not be caught dead in a limo .
no , i would not be caught dead in a limo . no upgrade of any kind . and where might you be going ?
no upgrade of any kind . and where might you be going ? i am headed to rockefeller center .
i am headed to rockefeller center . when shall i tell the taxi to be here ?
when shall i tell the taxi to be here ? right now .
right now . the taxi will be here immediately , sir .
the taxi will be here immediately , sir . good , i am leaving my room in about one minute .
good , i am leaving my room in about one minute . you will not have to wait a second , sir .
you will not have to wait a second , sir . i need a taxi .
i need a taxi . we could easily provide you with a private vehicle , if you had prefer .
we could easily provide you with a private vehicle , if you had prefer . no , the taxi will do .
no , the taxi will do . perhaps you had like to take a beautiful limousine .
perhaps you had like to take a beautiful limousine . no , thank you . taxis and i get along just fine .
no , thank you . taxis and i get along just fine . no private vehicle , no limo . got it . where are you going ?
no private vehicle , no limo . got it . where are you going ? i am seeing a show at rockefeller center .
i am seeing a show at rockefeller center . what time should the taxi be here to pick you up ?
what time should the taxi be here to pick you up ? i am ready to go right now .
i am ready to go right now . i will have a taxi for you momentarily , sir .
i will have a taxi for you momentarily , sir . great ! as soon as i brush my teeth , i will be downstairs .
great ! as soon as i brush my teeth , i will be downstairs . you will enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir .
you will enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir . could you please reserve a taxi for me ?
could you please reserve a taxi for me ? do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking ?
do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking ? a private vehicle ? no , thanks , i will not need one .
a private vehicle ? no , thanks , i will not need one . even better than a private vehicle is a limo . how does that sound ?
even better than a private vehicle is a limo . how does that sound ? t a x i , please .
t a x i , please . a taxi it is . where will you be headed ?
a taxi it is . where will you be headed ? rockefeller center . can you get the taxi here immediately , please ?
rockefeller center . can you get the taxi here immediately , please ? a taxi will be here in just a minute , sir .
a taxi will be here in just a minute , sir . good . i will get my coat and come downstairs .
good . i will get my coat and come downstairs . the taxi will be ready when you are , sir .
the taxi will be ready when you are , sir . i am checking out . here is the key to my room .
i am checking out . here is the key to my room . thank you . i will just print out your receipt , and then you are free to go . here you go !
thank you . i will just print out your receipt , and then you are free to go . here you go ! thanks .
thanks . if you do not mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at new york hotel ?
if you do not mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at new york hotel ? this hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in new york was thoroughly delightful .
this hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in new york was thoroughly delightful . that is very honest of you . rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time .
that is very honest of you . rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time . i want to check out . here is my room key .
i want to check out . here is my room key . one second , sir , while i print out your receipt . here you are .
one second , sir , while i print out your receipt . here you are . thanks .
thanks . may i ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
may i ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ? except for one night , i enjoyed the hotel . and i loved new york , of course .
except for one night , i enjoyed the hotel . and i loved new york , of course . thank you for your honesty . i assure you there will be no cockroaches next time .
thank you for your honesty . i assure you there will be no cockroaches next time . i am leaving . here is my key .
i am leaving . here is my key . just one second , sir , and i will give you your receipt . here you go .
just one second , sir , and i will give you your receipt . here you go . thank you very much .
thank you very much . sir , did you enjoy your stay here ?
sir , did you enjoy your stay here ? most of my time here was pleasant . and new york itself is fantastic .
most of my time here was pleasant . and new york itself is fantastic . i am glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . but please do not think too unkindly of us .
i am glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . but please do not think too unkindly of us . i am out of here . here is my key .
i am out of here . here is my key . give me just a few seconds , sir , and i will hand you your receipt . here you are .
give me just a few seconds , sir , and i will hand you your receipt . here you are . i thank you .
i thank you . i hope you enjoyed your stay , sir .
i hope you enjoyed your stay , sir . i only had nine little problems here . other than that , i enjoyed my stay , and i loved the city .
i only had nine little problems here . other than that , i enjoyed my stay , and i loved the city . i apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . i hope you have a nice trip home .
i apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . i hope you have a nice trip home . my stay is over . here is the key to my room .
my stay is over . here is the key to my room . thank you . and here is your receipt , sir .
thank you . and here is your receipt , sir . many thanks .
many thanks . i hope your stay here was satisfactory , sir .
i hope your stay here was satisfactory , sir . this could be a great hotel , once you get rid of the insects . the city itself is great .
this could be a great hotel , once you get rid of the insects . the city itself is great . i am glad that the little problem did not ruin your visit . please have a pleasant trip home .
i am glad that the little problem did not ruin your visit . please have a pleasant trip home . this visit is over for me . here is your room key .
this visit is over for me . here is your room key . thank you for that , and in return , here is your receipt .
thank you for that , and in return , here is your receipt . and thanks to you .
and thanks to you . i hope you will visit us again , sir .
i hope you will visit us again , sir . i had be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches .
i had be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches . i guarantee you that our little friends will not be back . i hope your trip home is pleasant .
i guarantee you that our little friends will not be back . i hope your trip home is pleasant . my amenities bill says that i owe $10 for a movie , but i never ordered one .
my amenities bill says that i owe $10 for a movie , but i never ordered one . let is see . it says that you were charged monday at 9 .00 p .m . for the movie  titanic . 
let is see . it says that you were charged monday at 9 .00 p .m . for the movie  titanic .  that is absolutely wrong ! i was out exploring the city monday night .
that is absolutely wrong ! i was out exploring the city monday night . okay , let me see what i can do .
okay , let me see what i can do . thank you . i did not think it would be this simple .
thank you . i did not think it would be this simple . i can take the $10 off your bill , but i need to charge you $2 for the service .
i can take the $10 off your bill , but i need to charge you $2 for the service . are you serious ? i have to pay $2 for a movie i never watched ?
are you serious ? i have to pay $2 for a movie i never watched ? unfortunately , sir , it is how the computer is programmed .
unfortunately , sir , it is how the computer is programmed . this is outrageous ! i am never coming back to this hotel again !
this is outrageous ! i am never coming back to this hotel again ! i am sorry , sir . perhaps you had like to write a letter to headquarters .
i am sorry , sir . perhaps you had like to write a letter to headquarters . i just discovered that i owe $10 for a movie that i never ordered .
i just discovered that i owe $10 for a movie that i never ordered . let me check , sir . you were charged for watching  titanic  monday night .
let me check , sir . you were charged for watching  titanic  monday night . that is absolutely incorrect ! i was out on the town monday night .
that is absolutely incorrect ! i was out on the town monday night . okay , sir , bear with me a moment .
okay , sir , bear with me a moment . thank you for taking my word over the computer is word .
thank you for taking my word over the computer is word . one slight problem , sir . i need to charge you $2 to remove this error from your file .
one slight problem , sir . i need to charge you $2 to remove this error from your file . you can not be serious . you are making me pay $2 for a movie i never watched ?
you can not be serious . you are making me pay $2 for a movie i never watched ? i feel your pain , sir .
i feel your pain , sir . absolutely unbelievable ! you people should be ashamed of yourselves .
absolutely unbelievable ! you people should be ashamed of yourselves . i agree with you , sir , but all i do is work here .
i agree with you , sir , but all i do is work here . you guys are charging me $10 for a movie that i never ordered or saw .
you guys are charging me $10 for a movie that i never ordered or saw . let is see , sir . according to your file , you watched  titanic  monday evening .
let is see , sir . according to your file , you watched  titanic  monday evening . the wrong information is in my file . i was at a concert monday night .
the wrong information is in my file . i was at a concert monday night . well , your word overrules the file , sir . one moment , please .
well , your word overrules the file , sir . one moment , please . i knew you had see it my way .
i knew you had see it my way . sir , i deleted the $10 , but i had to add a $2 service charge to your bill .
sir , i deleted the $10 , but i had to add a $2 service charge to your bill . am i in the twilight zone ? you are charging me for a movie i never saw ?
am i in the twilight zone ? you are charging me for a movie i never saw ? please do not blame me , sir . blame the computer programmer .
please do not blame me , sir . blame the computer programmer . this is highway robbery . i have got a good mind to call the police !
this is highway robbery . i have got a good mind to call the police ! if it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
if it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way . why am i being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered ?
why am i being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered ? sir , according to your file , you spent monday evening watching  titanic . 
sir , according to your file , you spent monday evening watching  titanic .  the file is wrong . i was at a great concert that night .
the file is wrong . i was at a great concert that night . well , this would not be the first time that a file was wrong . just a moment , please .
well , this would not be the first time that a file was wrong . just a moment , please . thank you for taking care of it so quickly .
thank you for taking care of it so quickly . sir , when i deleted the $10 , the program automatically added a $2 service charge .
sir , when i deleted the $10 , the program automatically added a $2 service charge . you can not do that ! you can not charge me for a mistake that you made !
you can not do that ! you can not charge me for a mistake that you made ! sometimes you can not win for losing , sir .
sometimes you can not win for losing , sir . now i have seen it all ! what a rip off this place is !
now i have seen it all ! what a rip off this place is ! i do not blame you , sir . two dollars is a lot of money .
i do not blame you , sir . two dollars is a lot of money . i need to know why i am being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered .
i need to know why i am being charged $10 for a movie that i never ordered . hmm . your file shows that you watched  titanic  monday night .
hmm . your file shows that you watched  titanic  monday night . monday night ? monday night i was at a great concert .
monday night ? monday night i was at a great concert . well , as they say , garbage in , garbage out . let me correct this error , please .
well , as they say , garbage in , garbage out . let me correct this error , please . thank you . it is very nice when problems can be solved quickly .
thank you . it is very nice when problems can be solved quickly . when i deleted the $10 , the computer automatically added a $2 service charge .
when i deleted the $10 , the computer automatically added a $2 service charge . are you crazy ? you made the mistake and now you are charging me for your mistake ?
are you crazy ? you made the mistake and now you are charging me for your mistake ? sir , if it makes you feel any better , the $2 service fee used to be $5 .
sir , if it makes you feel any better , the $2 service fee used to be $5 . why do not you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything i have ?
why do not you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything i have ? unfortunately , sir , you will have to pay the $2 , whether you like it or not .
unfortunately , sir , you will have to pay the $2 , whether you like it or not . i am checking out in about half an hour .
i am checking out in about half an hour . whenever you are ready to check out , i will be ready , sir .
whenever you are ready to check out , i will be ready , sir . great ! as you know however , the day in new york has hardly begun .
great ! as you know however , the day in new york has hardly begun . you are right . it is only 9 .00 a .m .
you are right . it is only 9 .00 a .m . therefore , i think i will explore new york some more . but i need to store my bags .
therefore , i think i will explore new york some more . but i need to store my bags . sir , our storage facility is merely $5 an hour . you also need to leave a deposit .
sir , our storage facility is merely $5 an hour . you also need to leave a deposit . my luggage is not enough of a deposit ?
my luggage is not enough of a deposit ? unfortunately , it is not . visa or mastercard will suffice , though .
unfortunately , it is not . visa or mastercard will suffice , though . let me put on my thinking cap for a moment .
let me put on my thinking cap for a moment . better hurry , sir . remember you have to check out in less than half an hour .
better hurry , sir . remember you have to check out in less than half an hour . i should tell you that i am checking out in about 30 minutes .
i should tell you that i am checking out in about 30 minutes . i am ready when you are , sir .
i am ready when you are , sir . very good ! now , it is still morning here in new york .
very good ! now , it is still morning here in new york . you are so right , sir . the clock just struck nine .
you are so right , sir . the clock just struck nine . i am going to spend some time exploring the city . what can i do with my luggage ?
i am going to spend some time exploring the city . what can i do with my luggage ? sir , right here we have a storage site . its only $5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .
sir , right here we have a storage site . its only $5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit . a deposit ? is not my luggage a deposit ?
a deposit ? is not my luggage a deposit ? i am sorry , sir , but it is not . your mastercard or visa will take care of things nicely .
i am sorry , sir , but it is not . your mastercard or visa will take care of things nicely . let me think about this .
let me think about this . okay , sir . but do not take too long . you only have 30 minutes .
okay , sir . but do not take too long . you only have 30 minutes . do you know that i am checking out in about 30 minutes ?
do you know that i am checking out in about 30 minutes ? just say the word , sir .
just say the word , sir . excellent ! now , as you know , the day has barely begun .
excellent ! now , as you know , the day has barely begun . i agree . the dew is still on the grass .
i agree . the dew is still on the grass . i want to hit a few more places in the city , but i need a place to put my luggage .
i want to hit a few more places in the city , but i need a place to put my luggage . we do have a storage space for your bags . there is a small charge , plus a deposit .
we do have a storage space for your bags . there is a small charge , plus a deposit . leave a deposit ? is not leaving the luggage enough of a deposit ?
leave a deposit ? is not leaving the luggage enough of a deposit ? regrettably , no . but simply present your visa to cover your deposit .
regrettably , no . but simply present your visa to cover your deposit . i will have to think about this for a second .
i will have to think about this for a second . okay , sir , but do not think too long . your checkout is only 30 minutes away .
okay , sir , but do not think too long . your checkout is only 30 minutes away . in case you did not know , i am checking out in half an hour .
in case you did not know , i am checking out in half an hour . that will not be a problem , sir .
that will not be a problem , sir . that is good to hear . now there is still a whole new york day ahead of me .
that is good to hear . now there is still a whole new york day ahead of me . you are right , sir . your whole day is still ahead of you .
you are right , sir . your whole day is still ahead of you . i still have time to explore more of new york , but i need a place to secure my baggage .
i still have time to explore more of new york , but i need a place to secure my baggage . we have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit .
we have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit . a deposit , huh ? i would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit .
a deposit , huh ? i would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit . just present your visa card , and there will not be any problems .
just present your visa card , and there will not be any problems . that deposit bothers me . give me a minute .
that deposit bothers me . give me a minute . okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time .
okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time . i will be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes .
i will be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes . thirty minutes or 30 seconds , sir , it does not matter , i am ready for you .
thirty minutes or 30 seconds , sir , it does not matter , i am ready for you . great ! as you know , however , the day in new york has hardly begun .
great ! as you know , however , the day in new york has hardly begun . there is nothing like getting an early start , sir .
there is nothing like getting an early start , sir . what can i do with my baggage while i visit a few more tourist spots ?
what can i do with my baggage while i visit a few more tourist spots ? you can leave your baggage in our storage space , with a deposit .
you can leave your baggage in our storage space , with a deposit . is not my baggage enough of a deposit ?
is not my baggage enough of a deposit ? i wish it was , but it is not . they will still want a credit card .
i wish it was , but it is not . they will still want a credit card . it is always something , is not it ? let me think about this for a second .
it is always something , is not it ? let me think about this for a second . do not forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out .
do not forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out . i had like to leave a parcel for one of my friends . is that okay ?
i had like to leave a parcel for one of my friends . is that okay ? all i need is your name , the name of your friend , and the time of pick up .
all i need is your name , the name of your friend , and the time of pick up . all of that is on the package . can i just bring it down to your desk ?
all of that is on the package . can i just bring it down to your desk ? that would be most convenient for me . thanks for your consideration !
that would be most convenient for me . thanks for your consideration ! i want to leave a parcel for a friend to pick up . can i do that ?
i want to leave a parcel for a friend to pick up . can i do that ? just tell me your name , your friend is name , and when your friend is coming by .
just tell me your name , your friend is name , and when your friend is coming by . i will put all that information on the package and just bring it down to you . is that okay ?
i will put all that information on the package and just bring it down to you . is that okay ? that sounds great , sir . thank you .
that sounds great , sir . thank you . can i leave a parcel with you for one of my friends to pick up later ?
can i leave a parcel with you for one of my friends to pick up later ? i just need your name and your friend is name . also , tell me when he is coming by .
i just need your name and your friend is name . also , tell me when he is coming by . how about if i write all that on the package and then bring it down to you ?
how about if i write all that on the package and then bring it down to you ? perfect . thank you for doing that .
perfect . thank you for doing that . i have got a parcel here that a friend is going to pick up . can i leave it with you ?
i have got a parcel here that a friend is going to pick up . can i leave it with you ? no problem . just tell me your name , his name , and when he is coming by .
no problem . just tell me your name , his name , and when he is coming by . i will just write all that info on the parcel itself and then bring it to you .
i will just write all that info on the parcel itself and then bring it to you . sir , you make my work too easy . thank you .
sir , you make my work too easy . thank you . a friend is picking up a parcel . can i leave the parcel with you ?
a friend is picking up a parcel . can i leave the parcel with you ? by all means , sir . just give me your name , his name , and when he will be coming by .
by all means , sir . just give me your name , his name , and when he will be coming by . i can put all of that right on the package and then bring it down to you , if that is okay .
i can put all of that right on the package and then bring it down to you , if that is okay . well , thank you for doing that , sir . i wish all guests were like you .
well , thank you for doing that , sir . i wish all guests were like you . i am calling to cancel a reservation i made earlier in the week .
i am calling to cancel a reservation i made earlier in the week . to cancel your reservation , i need your name , phone number , and date of trip , please .
to cancel your reservation , i need your name , phone number , and date of trip , please . rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 . my reservation begins on the second monday of april .
rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 . my reservation begins on the second monday of april . i see your reservation on my computer . let me just cancel it , and you will be all set !
i see your reservation on my computer . let me just cancel it , and you will be all set ! thanks . i will call again when things get better at home .
thanks . i will call again when things get better at home . you are welcome .
you are welcome . i need to cancel my reservation . i have personal matters that need fixing .
i need to cancel my reservation . i have personal matters that need fixing . that is not a problem . just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit .
that is not a problem . just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit . rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , april 9 through 15 .
rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , april 9 through 15 . i see your info here on the screen . i will hit just one button , sir , and you are cancelled .
i see your info here on the screen . i will hit just one button , sir , and you are cancelled . thank you . i am glad that was not too much of a bother .
thank you . i am glad that was not too much of a bother . it is a pleasure .
it is a pleasure . i made a reservation earlier this week , but i have to cancel it .
i made a reservation earlier this week , but i have to cancel it . no problem , sir . just tell me your name , phone number , and date of reservation .
no problem , sir . just tell me your name , phone number , and date of reservation . great ! i am rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , and my reservation was for april 9 to 15 .
great ! i am rudy randolph , 818 555 1234 , and my reservation was for april 9 to 15 . sir , let me hit the delete button , and your reservation will be cancelled .
sir , let me hit the delete button , and your reservation will be cancelled . that was nice and fast . thanks .
that was nice and fast . thanks . not at all .
not at all . i hate to do this , but i have got to cancel a reservation i made earlier this week .
i hate to do this , but i have got to cancel a reservation i made earlier this week . all i need is your name , phone , and reservation date .
all i need is your name , phone , and reservation date . my name is rudy randolph . i am at 818 555 1234 . the reservation was for april 9 .
my name is rudy randolph . i am at 818 555 1234 . the reservation was for april 9 . randolph , rudy . let me hit one button , sir , and now your reservation is cancelled .
randolph , rudy . let me hit one button , sir , and now your reservation is cancelled . thank you . i will make another reservation as soon as i can .
thank you . i will make another reservation as soon as i can . it is been my pleasure to help you .
it is been my pleasure to help you . my wife is sick , so i have to cancel a reservation i made .
my wife is sick , so i have to cancel a reservation i made . if you will just give me your name , phone , and date of visit , i can cancel your reservation .
if you will just give me your name , phone , and date of visit , i can cancel your reservation . i am rudy randolph at 818 555 1234 , april ninth to the fifteenth .
i am rudy randolph at 818 555 1234 , april ninth to the fifteenth . mr . randolph . okay , one second , sir , and there you go . your reservation is now cancelled .
mr . randolph . okay , one second , sir , and there you go . your reservation is now cancelled . i wish everything in life was so simple , thank you .
i wish everything in life was so simple , thank you . not a problem , sir . please remember us in the future .
not a problem , sir . please remember us in the future . i had like a room for two people , for three nights please .
i had like a room for two people , for three nights please . ok , i just need you to fill in this form please .
ok , i just need you to fill in this form please . do you want breakfast ?
do you want breakfast ? yes , please .
yes , please . breakfast is from 7 to 10 each morning in the dining room . here is your key . your room number is 345 , on the third floor . enjoy your stay .
breakfast is from 7 to 10 each morning in the dining room . here is your key . your room number is 345 , on the third floor . enjoy your stay . thank you .
thank you . i had like a room please .
i had like a room please . do you have a reservation ?
do you have a reservation ? no , i do not .
no , i do not . how many nights ?
how many nights ? two nights , please .
two nights , please . for two people ?
for two people ? yes .
yes . do you want breakfast ?
do you want breakfast ? no , thank you .
no , thank you . ok , that will be $210 . do you want to pay now , or when you check out ?
ok , that will be $210 . do you want to pay now , or when you check out ? i will pay now .
i will pay now . can you fill this in , and sign here please .
can you fill this in , and sign here please . thank you . here is your receipt and your key . you are in room 231 , on the second floor .
thank you . here is your receipt and your key . you are in room 231 , on the second floor . i had like to check out please .
i had like to check out please . what room number ?
what room number ? 231 .
231 . that is $250 please .
that is $250 please . thank you . sign here please . have a good journey .
thank you . sign here please . have a good journey . thank you .
thank you . hello tui , it is jane .
hello tui , it is jane . hi jane .
hi jane . i was thinking about having a few days away at the weekend . will you be able to join me ?
i was thinking about having a few days away at the weekend . will you be able to join me ? that sounds great . where were you planning to go ?
that sounds great . where were you planning to go ? i would like to stay in london .
i would like to stay in london . i enjoy visiting london . there is so much to see .
i enjoy visiting london . there is so much to see . i will book two single rooms at the holiday inn . it is situated just off oxford street .
i will book two single rooms at the holiday inn . it is situated just off oxford street . if we are near oxford street , we are very close to the big stores .
if we are near oxford street , we are very close to the big stores . i will book today .
i will book today . is it very expensive ?
is it very expensive ? most good london hotels are expensive but we can get a special three day weekend break offer .
most good london hotels are expensive but we can get a special three day weekend break offer . what does that cover ?
what does that cover ? we get bed and breakfast and 20 towards the cost of dinner .
we get bed and breakfast and 20 towards the cost of dinner . that sounds fine . let me know when you have had our booking confirmed .
that sounds fine . let me know when you have had our booking confirmed . i will pay by credit card over the phone .
i will pay by credit card over the phone . is it okay if i pay you when we leave on friday ?
is it okay if i pay you when we leave on friday ? yes , of course .
yes , of course . i am looking forward to our weekend away .
i am looking forward to our weekend away . hello , i have booked two single rooms . my surname is major .
hello , i have booked two single rooms . my surname is major . welcome to the holiday inn , oxford street . please sign the register .
welcome to the holiday inn , oxford street . please sign the register . i can visit oxford street from here .
i can visit oxford street from here . here are your room cards . when you insert them into the slot on your room door , the light will change from red to green . when the green light is on , your room is unlocked .
here are your room cards . when you insert them into the slot on your room door , the light will change from red to green . when the green light is on , your room is unlocked . good morning , bella hotels room
good morning , bella hotels room reservation . this is (name) speaking . how may i help you ?
reservation . this is (name) speaking . how may i help you ? good morning . i would like to make a reservation
good morning . i would like to make a reservation please .
please . alright sir . thank you for waiting . how many nights do you planned to stay in sir ?
alright sir . thank you for waiting . how many nights do you planned to stay in sir ? i am going to stay for 4 nights .
i am going to stay for 4 nights . what kind of room would you like to stay in sir ?
what kind of room would you like to stay in sir ? may i know the kinds of room and your facilities ?
may i know the kinds of room and your facilities ? certainly sir . we have three kinds of room ,
certainly sir . we have three kinds of room , the suite room , the executive room , and the deluxe room .which one do you prefer sir/maam ?
the suite room , the executive room , and the deluxe room .which one do you prefer sir/maam ? i would prefer the deluxe room with free breakfast and dinner .
i would prefer the deluxe room with free breakfast and dinner . your preferred room and free offer is noted .
your preferred room and free offer is noted . how many people is the reservation for ?
how many people is the reservation for ? the reservation is for two .
the reservation is for two . may i know the exact date and time of your arrival ?
may i know the exact date and time of your arrival ? i will be arriving at feb 3 , 2016 at 11 .30 a .m .
i will be arriving at feb 3 , 2016 at 11 .30 a .m . can you please state your full name ?
can you please state your full name ? i am (name) .
i am (name) . ok sir/ms .(name) . can you please tell your address and contact number ?
ok sir/ms .(name) . can you please tell your address and contact number ? my address is 19 , orville village , marikina
my address is 19 , orville village , marikina city and my contact number is 335 6790 .
city and my contact number is 335 6790 . alright sir/maam , i repeat . your address is
alright sir/maam , i repeat . your address is 19 , orville village , marikina city and your contact number is 335 6790 .
19 , orville village , marikina city and your contact number is 335 6790 . yes , that is it .
yes , that is it . your address and contact number is noted . how
your address and contact number is noted . how will you pay the bill sir/maam , through credit card or cash ?
will you pay the bill sir/maam , through credit card or cash ? through cash .
through cash . alright sir/maam , i will repeat all the information i got from you .
alright sir/maam , i will repeat all the information i got from you . yes , you said it correctly .
yes , you said it correctly . ok sir/maam . your reservation is noted . is
ok sir/maam . your reservation is noted . is there anything else i can do for you ?
there anything else i can do for you ? that would be all . thank you for assisting me mr/ms .(name) .
that would be all . thank you for assisting me mr/ms .(name) . you are welcome sir/maam . we look forward to your visit and thank you for choosing bella hotels .
you are welcome sir/maam . we look forward to your visit and thank you for choosing bella hotels . good morning , pine trees hotel . how can i help you today ?
good morning , pine trees hotel . how can i help you today ? hello , i would like to book a room for tonight  friday , august 15th   the 20th till the 23rd .
hello , i would like to book a room for tonight  friday , august 15th   the 20th till the 23rd . what kind of room would you like ?
what kind of room would you like ? i would like a double room , please .
i would like a double room , please . please hold on i will check . i am afraid we only have single room available . tomorrow we will have a double room .
please hold on i will check . i am afraid we only have single room available . tomorrow we will have a double room . ok that will do . how much for a single room ?
ok that will do . how much for a single room ? forty pounds including vat  excluding vat  before vat .
forty pounds including vat  excluding vat  before vat . are meals included in that price ?
are meals included in that price ? yes , your breakfast and dinner are included and are served in our dining room .
yes , your breakfast and dinner are included and are served in our dining room . that is great ; i will take a single room for tonight and change to a double room tomorrow .
that is great ; i will take a single room for tonight and change to a double room tomorrow . can you give me your credit card details so we can book your room   .
can you give me your credit card details so we can book your room   . welcome to the wyatt hotel . how may i help you ?
welcome to the wyatt hotel . how may i help you ? i had like a room please ?
i had like a room please ? would you like a single or a double ?
would you like a single or a double ? i had like a double , please ?
i had like a double , please ? may i have your name , please ?
may i have your name , please ? timothy findley .
timothy findley . how many are in your party ?
how many are in your party ? just two .
just two . how many nights would you like to stay ?
how many nights would you like to stay ? just tonight .
just tonight . how will you be paying ?
how will you be paying ? is visa ok ?
is visa ok ? that will be fine . would you like a wake up call ?
that will be fine . would you like a wake up call ? yes , i had like a wake up call for 6 .30 . do you have a pool ?
yes , i had like a wake up call for 6 .30 . do you have a pool ? yes , we do . on the 2nd floor . here is your key . that is room 405 on the fourth floor .
yes , we do . on the 2nd floor . here is your key . that is room 405 on the fourth floor . hi , my name is suzuki and i have a reservation for tonight .
hi , my name is suzuki and i have a reservation for tonight . let me check . ok , yes . a twin room for one night .
let me check . ok , yes . a twin room for one night . that is right .
that is right . you are in room 408 . how would you like to pay for the room ?
you are in room 408 . how would you like to pay for the room ? do you take american express travelers checks ?
do you take american express travelers checks ? certainly , are they in american funds ?
certainly , are they in american funds ? no , in canadian . is that ok ?
no , in canadian . is that ok ? yes , no problem . with the exchange , that comes to 83 .76 dollars canadian .
yes , no problem . with the exchange , that comes to 83 .76 dollars canadian . do i pay now or when i check out .
do i pay now or when i check out . in advance , please .
in advance , please . here you go .
here you go . the elevator is just around the corner . do you need any help with your bags ?
the elevator is just around the corner . do you need any help with your bags ? no thanks . i can manage myself .
no thanks . i can manage myself . is there anything else we can do to help you enjoy your stay ?
is there anything else we can do to help you enjoy your stay ? can you give me a wake up call at 7 .00 ?
can you give me a wake up call at 7 .00 ? we do not do that from here . you can use the clock radio in the room , or you can program the telephone in your room to ring at 7 .00 .
we do not do that from here . you can use the clock radio in the room , or you can program the telephone in your room to ring at 7 .00 . oh , yes . i have a meeting downtown tomorrow . does this hotel have a shuttle bus ?
oh , yes . i have a meeting downtown tomorrow . does this hotel have a shuttle bus ? no , i am afraid we do not , but we will be happy to call a taxi for you if you provide us with the details .
no , i am afraid we do not , but we will be happy to call a taxi for you if you provide us with the details . no , that will not be necessary . i can call from my room .
no , that will not be necessary . i can call from my room . there are no charges for local calls .
there are no charges for local calls . hi there . are you checking out now ?
hi there . are you checking out now ? yes , sorry . i know we are a few minutes late .
yes , sorry . i know we are a few minutes late . that is no problem . it is always really busy at check out time anyway .
that is no problem . it is always really busy at check out time anyway . oh , really . the last hotel we stayed in charged us for a late check out .
oh , really . the last hotel we stayed in charged us for a late check out . the hotel is not booked this week , so it is not a problem . how was everything ?
the hotel is not booked this week , so it is not a problem . how was everything ? the room was great . the beds were really comfortable , and we were not expecting our own fridge .
the room was great . the beds were really comfortable , and we were not expecting our own fridge . i am glad you liked it .
i am glad you liked it . the kids were disappointed that the pool was not open this morning , though .
the kids were disappointed that the pool was not open this morning , though . i apologize for that . we ca not get a cleaner in any earlier than 10 am .
i apologize for that . we ca not get a cleaner in any earlier than 10 am . well we had a nice swim last night anyhow .
well we had a nice swim last night anyhow . will you be putting this on your credit card ?
will you be putting this on your credit card ? no . i will pay cash .
no . i will pay cash . ok . so the total comes to $123 .67 , including tax .
ok . so the total comes to $123 .67 , including tax . i thought it was $115 even . that is what they said yesterday when we checked in .
i thought it was $115 even . that is what they said yesterday when we checked in . yes , but there is an extra room charge on your bill .
yes , but there is an extra room charge on your bill . oh , i forgot . my husband ordered a plate of nachos . sorry .
oh , i forgot . my husband ordered a plate of nachos . sorry . no problem . sofrom $140 , here is your change . now , i will just need to ask you for your room keys .
no problem . sofrom $140 , here is your change . now , i will just need to ask you for your room keys . good morning sir . may i help you ?
good morning sir . may i help you ? good morning . i need a room .
good morning . i need a room . do you require a single or double room or a suite ?
do you require a single or double room or a suite ? well ! a single room will do .
well ! a single room will do . please fill your name in this register .
please fill your name in this register . may i know the tariff please ?
may i know the tariff please ? it is nine hundred rupees a day .
it is nine hundred rupees a day . does it include breakfast ?
does it include breakfast ? no sir . it is just for the accommodation sir .
no sir . it is just for the accommodation sir . is the room air conditioned ?
is the room air conditioned ? all our rooms are centrally air conditioned .
all our rooms are centrally air conditioned . do you have a restaurant ?
do you have a restaurant ? not one . we have three . we offer indian , western and chinese cuisine catered by the different restaurants .
not one . we have three . we offer indian , western and chinese cuisine catered by the different restaurants . well ! that is good news . i can choose different cuisine for different meals .
well ! that is good news . i can choose different cuisine for different meals . may i know the duration of your stay ?
may i know the duration of your stay ? tentatively , i shall write it as four days .
tentatively , i shall write it as four days . that will do . please inform us about your extension one day earlier .
that will do . please inform us about your extension one day earlier . sure . by the way , do you have laundry facility here ?
sure . by the way , do you have laundry facility here ? yes . please call up the housekeeping department and they will have the clothes picked up .
yes . please call up the housekeeping department and they will have the clothes picked up . how do i get the extension phone numbers for all the departments ?
how do i get the extension phone numbers for all the departments ? all the in house phone numbers are in a list kept near the telephone .
all the in house phone numbers are in a list kept near the telephone . oh ! that will do . thank you . you have been very helpful .
oh ! that will do . thank you . you have been very helpful . my pleasure ! i am here to help you .
my pleasure ! i am here to help you . thanks . well i am rather tired . can you please ask the bellboy to bring my luggage to the room ?
thanks . well i am rather tired . can you please ask the bellboy to bring my luggage to the room ? certainly . here is your key .
certainly . here is your key . thank you very much .
thank you very much . you are welcome
you are welcome hi .
hi . hello , guest services this is sara . how can i be of assistance ?
hello , guest services this is sara . how can i be of assistance ? i would like to order room service .
i would like to order room service . certainly sir , what is your room number and name , please ?
certainly sir , what is your room number and name , please ? it is room 218 and the name is smith .
it is room 218 and the name is smith . thank you . what would you like to order mr smith ?
thank you . what would you like to order mr smith ? i had like the rump steak .
i had like the rump steak . how would you like your steak cooked ?
how would you like your steak cooked ? medium rare , please .
medium rare , please . would you like mashed potatoes and vegetables or salad and fries ?
would you like mashed potatoes and vegetables or salad and fries ? salad and fries thank you .
salad and fries thank you . which sauce would you prefer ? we have pepper , mushroom or red wine ?
which sauce would you prefer ? we have pepper , mushroom or red wine ? i will have mushroom sauce .
i will have mushroom sauce . okay , is there anything else you had like mr smith ?
okay , is there anything else you had like mr smith ? i had also like the garden salad and a coke .
i had also like the garden salad and a coke . certainly sir , that will be delivered to your room shortly . enjoy your meal .
certainly sir , that will be delivered to your room shortly . enjoy your meal . thank you very much .
thank you very much . hi , good afternoon . i would like to stay here .
hi , good afternoon . i would like to stay here . do you have a reservation before , madam  ?
do you have a reservation before , madam  ? no , i do not have .
no , i do not have . well , may i know what type of room would you like , how long will you be staying and how many person , madam  ?
well , may i know what type of room would you like , how long will you be staying and how many person , madam  ? i would like one suite room for 2 nights
i would like one suite room for 2 nights please wait a moment , madam . i would like to check the room available on that period .
please wait a moment , madam . i would like to check the room available on that period . well ?
well ? yes a room is available . what shall be the duration of your stay ?
yes a room is available . what shall be the duration of your stay ? it is from 15th of november 2014 until 17th of november 2014 and that is for two person , me and my children .
it is from 15th of november 2014 until 17th of november 2014 and that is for two person , me and my children . so is it final then ?
so is it final then ? yes , i take this room .
yes , i take this room . well madam , please fill this registration card , and this is your pen .
well madam , please fill this registration card , and this is your pen . i have finished to filling the registration card .
i have finished to filling the registration card . thank you , may i check your registration card , please ?
thank you , may i check your registration card , please ? yes , this is my passport .
yes , this is my passport . thank you .
thank you . i will pay by credit card , please . what kind of credit card do you accept at your hotel ?
i will pay by credit card , please . what kind of credit card do you accept at your hotel ? in our hotel accept visa and mastercard credit card .
in our hotel accept visa and mastercard credit card . i will pay by visa
i will pay by visa well , may i borrow your credit card , mrs .sisca  ? because i will take your deposit 100% the room rate for one night so that is rp . 450 .
well , may i borrow your credit card , mrs .sisca  ? because i will take your deposit 100% the room rate for one night so that is rp . 450 . sure , this is my credit card .
sure , this is my credit card . excusme , mrs .sisca . enter your pin , please .
excusme , mrs .sisca . enter your pin , please . sure , thank you for your informations .
